AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with “Note about Forward-Looking Statements,” Part I, Item 1 "Business," Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors," and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following section generally discusses 2024 results compared to 2023 results. Discussion of 2023 results compared to 2022 results to the extent not included in this report can be found in Item 7 of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Understanding Alphabet’s Financial Results Alphabet is a collection of businesses — the largest of which is Google. We report Google in two segments, Google Services and Google Cloud; we also report all non-Google businesses collectively as Other Bets. For further details on our segments, see Part I, Item 1 Business and Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Trends in Our Business and Financial Effect The following long-term trends have contributed to the results of our consolidated operations, and we anticipate that they will continue to affect our future results: • Users' behaviors and advertising continue to shift online as the digital economy evolves. The continuing evolution of the online world has contributed to the growth of our business and our revenues since inception. We expect that this evolution will continue to benefit our business and our revenues, although at a slower pace than we have experienced historically. In addition, we face increasing competition for user engagement and advertisers, including from other developers and providers of AI products and services, which may affect our revenues. • Users continue to access our products and services using diverse devices and modalities, which allows for new advertising formats that may benefit our revenues but adversely affect our margins. Our users are accessing our products and services via diverse devices and modalities beyond traditional desktop, such as smartphones, wearables, connected TVs, and smart home devices, and want to be able to be connected no matter where they are or what they are doing. We are focused on expanding our products and services to stay in front of these trends in order to maintain and grow our business. We benefit from advertising revenues generated from different channels, including mobile, and newer advertising formats. The margins from these channels and newer products have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. Additionally, as the market for a particular device type or modality matures, our advertising revenues may be affected. For example, changing dynamics within the global smartphone market, such as increased market saturation in developed countries, can affect our mobile advertising revenues. We expect TAC paid to our distribution partners and Google Network partners to increase as our revenues grow and TAC as a percentage of our advertising revenues ("TAC rate") to be affected by changes in device mix; geographic mix; partner agreement terms; partner mix; the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points; product mix; the relative revenue growth rates of advertising revenues from different channels; and revenue share terms. We expect these trends to continue to affect our revenues and put pressure on our margins. • As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings, which may affect our monetization. As interactions between users and advertisers change, and as online user behavior evolves, for example with AI, we continue to expand our product offerings to serve these changing needs, which may affect monetization of our products and services. We expect to continue to incorporate AI innovations into our products, such as AI in Search, that could affect our monetization trends. When developing new products and services we generally focus first on user experience and then on monetization. • As users in developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue to increase, and may require continued investments. In addition, movements in foreign exchange rates affect such revenues. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, such as India. We continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and advertising programs relevant to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased 30. revenues from emerging markets. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. This trend could affect our revenues as developing markets initially monetize at a lower rate than more mature markets. International revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. • The revenues that we derive beyond advertising are increasing and may adversely affect our margins. Revenues from cloud, consumer subscriptions, platforms, and devices, which may have differing characteristics than our advertising revenues, have grown over time, and we expect this trend to continue as we focus on expanding our products and services. The margins on these revenues vary significantly and are generally lower than the margins on our advertising revenues. For example, sales of our devices adversely affect our consolidated margins due to pressures on pricing and higher cost of sales. • As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. We continue to make significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings, improve our existing offerings, and rapidly and responsibly deploy AI across our businesse s. We also expect to increase, relative to 2024, our i nvestment in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, in particular in support of AI products and services. In addition, acquisitions and strategic investments remain important elements in our use of capital and contribute to the breadth and depth of our offerings, expand our expertise in engineering and other functional areas, and build strong partnerships around strategic initiatives. • We continue to face an evolving regulatory environment, and we are subject to claims, lawsuits, investigations, and other forms of potential legal liability, which could affect our business practices and financial results. Changes in social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide range of topics and related legal matters, including investigations, lawsuits, and regulatory actions, have resulted in fines and caused us to change our business practices. As these global trends continue, our cost of doing business may increase, our products and services may become less useful, our ability to pursue certain business practices or offer certain products or services may be limited, and we may need to change our business models and operations to comply with evolving regulatory and legal matters. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and Legal Matters in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. • Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. For additional information, see Culture and Workforce in Part I, Item 1 Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Revenues and Monetization Metrics We generate revenues by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising; cloud-based solutions that provide enterprise customers of all sizes with infrastructure, platform services, and applications; sales of other products and services, such as fees received for subscription-based products, apps and in-app purchases, and devices. For additional information on how we recognize revenue, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to the long-term trends and their financial effect on our business discussed above, fluctuations in our revenues have been and may continue to be affected by a combination of factors, including: • changes in foreign currency exchange rates; • changes in pricing, such as those resulting from changes in fee structures, discounts, and customer incentives; • general economic conditions and various external dynamics, including geopolitical events, regulations, and other measures and their effect on advertiser, consumer, and enterprise spending; • new product, service, and market launches; and 31. • seasonality. Additionally, fluctuations in our revenues generated from advertising ("Google advertising"), other sources ("Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices"), Google Cloud, and Other Bets have been, and may continue to be, affected by other factors unique to each set of revenues, as described below. Google Services Google Services revenues consist of Google advertising as well as Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues. Google Advertising Google advertising revenues are comprised of the following: • Google Search & other, which includes revenues generated on Google search properties (including revenues from traffic generated by search distribution partners who use Google.com as their default search in browsers, toolbars, etc.), and other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play; • YouTube ads, which includes revenues generated on YouTube properties; and • Google Network, which includes revenues generated on Google Network properties participating in AdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager. We use certain metrics to track how well traffic across various properties is monetized as it relates to our advertising revenues: paid clicks and cost-per-click pertain to traffic on Google Search & other properties, while impressions and cost-per-impression pertain to traffic on our Google Network properties. Paid clicks represent engagement by users and include clicks on advertisements by end-users on Google search properties and other Google owned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play. Cost-per-click is defined as click-driven revenues divided by our total number of paid clicks and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each engagement by users. Impressions include impressions displayed to users on Google Network properties participating primarily in AdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager. Cost-per-impression is defined as impression-based and click-based revenues divided by our total number of impressions, and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each impression displayed to users. As our business evolves, we periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number of paid clicks and the number of impressions, and for identifying the revenues generated by the corresponding click and impression activity. Fluctuations in our advertising revenues, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on Google Search & other properties and the change in impressions and cost-per-impression on Google Network properties and the correlation between these items have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as: • advertiser competition for keywords; • changes in advertising quality, formats, delivery or policy; • changes in device mix; • seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends, such as traditional retail seasonality; and • traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various verticals and channels. Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues are comprised of the following: • consumer subscriptions, which primarily include revenues from YouTube services, such as YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, as well as Google One; • platforms, which primarily include revenues from Google Play sales of apps and in-app purchases; • devices, which primarily include sales of the Pixel family of devices; and • other products and services. 32. Fluctuations in our Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as changes in customer usage and demand, number of subscribers, and the timing of product launches. Google Cloud Google Cloud revenues are comprised of the following: • Google Cloud Platform, which generates consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, and other services. These services provide access to solutions such as AI offerings including our AI infrastructure, Vertex AI platform, and Gemini for Google Cloud; cybersecurity; and data and analytics; • Google Workspace, which includes subscriptions for cloud-based communication and collaboration tools for enterprises, such as Calendar, Gmail, Docs, Drive, and Meet, with integrated features like Gemini for Google Workspace; and • other enterprise services. Fluctuations in our Google Cloud revenues have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as changes in customer usage and demand. Other Bets Revenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale of healthcare-related services, and internet services. Costs and Expenses Our cost structure has two components: cost of revenues and operating expenses. Our operating expenses include costs related to R&D, sales and marketing, and general and administrative functions. Certain of our costs and expenses, including those associated with the operation of our technical infrastructure as well as components of our operating expenses, are generally less variable in nature and may not correlate to changes in revenue. Additionally, fluctuations in employee compensation expenses may not directly correlate with changes in headcount, due to factors such as annual stock-based compensation (SBC) awards that generally vest over four years. Cost of Revenues Cost of revenues is comprised of TAC and other costs of revenues. • TAC includes: ◦ amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers; and ◦ amounts paid to Google Network partners primarily for ads displayed on their properties. • Other cost of revenues primarily includes: ◦ content acquisition costs, which are payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for distribution, primarily related to YouTube (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generated, subscriber counts, or a flat fee); ◦ depreciation expense related to our technical infrastructure; ◦ employee compensation expenses related to our technical infrastructure and other operations such as content review and customer and product support; ◦ inventory and other costs related to the devices we sell; and ◦ other technical infrastructure operations costs, including network capacity, energy, and equipment costs. TAC as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Network properties are significantly higher than TAC as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Search & other properties, because most of the advertiser revenues from ads served on Google Network properties are paid as TAC to our Google Network partners. Operating Expenses 33. Operating expenses are generally incurred during our normal course of business, which we categorize as either R&D, sales and marketing, or general and administrative. The main components of our R&D expenses are: • depreciation; • employee compensation expenses for engineering and technical employees responsible for R&D related to our existing and new products and services; and • third-party services fees primarily relating to consulting and outsourced services in support of our engineering and product development efforts. The main components of our sales and marketing expenses are: • employee compensation expenses for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions; and • spend relating to our advertising and promotional activities in support of our products and services. The main components of our general and administrative expenses are: • employee compensation expenses for employees in finance, human resources, information technology, legal, and other administrative support functions; • expenses relating to legal and other matters, including certain fines and settlements; and • third-party services fees, including audit, consulting, outside legal, and other outsourced administrative services. Other Income (Expense), Net OI&E, net primarily consists of interest income (expense), the effect of foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net gains (losses) and impairment on our marketable and non-marketable securities, performance fees, and income (loss) and impairment from our equity method investments. For additional information, including how we account for our investments and factors that can drive fluctuations in the value of our investments, see Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 as well as Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income taxes represents the estimated amount of federal, state, and foreign income taxes incurred in the U.S. and the many jurisdictions in which we operate. The provision includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. For additional information, including a reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate to our effective tax rate, see Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 34. Executive Overview The following table summarizes our consolidated financial results (in millions, except for per share information and percentages): (1) See "Use of Non-GAAP Constant Currency Information" below for details relating to our use of constant currency information. (2) For additional information on the calculation of diluted EPS, see Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. • Revenues were $350.0 billion, an increase of 14% year over year, primarily driven by an increase in Google Services revenues of $32.4 billion, or 12%, and an increase in Google Cloud revenues of $10.1 billion, or 31%. • Total constant currency revenues, which exclude the effect of hedging, increased 15% year over year. • Cost of revenues wa s $146.3 billion, an increase of 10% year over year, primarily driven by increases in content acquisition costs, TAC, and depreciation expense. • Operating expenses were $91.3 billion, an increase of 2% year over year, primarily driven by increases in de preciation expense, employee compensation expenses, and third-party services fees. These increases were partially offset by reductions in charges related to legal and other matters and charges related to our office space optimization efforts. The overall increase in employee compensation expenses was partially offset by a reduction in employee severance and related charges. Other Information: • Dividend payments to stockholders of Class A, Class B, and Class C shares, which were first paid in June 2024, were $3.5 billion, $519 million, and $3.3 billion, respectively, totaling $7.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. For additional information, see Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. • Repurchases of Class A and Class C shares were $11.9 billion and $50.2 billion, respectively, totaling $62.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. For additional information, see Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. • Employee severance and related charges for the year ended December 31, 2024 were $1.0 billion, a decrease of $1.1 billion as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. Office space charges, including accelerated rent and accelerated depreciation, for the year ended December 31, 2024 were $796 million, a decrease of $1.3 billion as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. Substantially all of these charges were included in Alphabet-level activities. • Operating cash flow was $125.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. • Capital expenditures, which primarily reflected investments in technical infrastructure, were $52.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. • As of December 31, 2024, we had 183,323 employees. 35. Financial Results Revenues The following table presents revenues by type (in millions): Google Services Google advertising revenues Google Search & other Google Search & other revenues increased $23.1 billion from 2023 to 2024. The overall growth was driven by interrelated factors including increases in search queries resulting from growth in user adoption and usage on mobile devices; growth in advertiser spending; and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery. YouTube ads YouTube ads revenues increased $4.6 billion from 2023 to 2024. The growth was driven by our brand advertising products followed by our direct response advertising products, both of which benefited from increased spending by our advertisers. Google Network Google Network revenues decreased $953 million from 2023 to 2024, primarily driven by a decrease in Google Ad Manager and AdMob revenues. Additionally, Google Network revenues were adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Monetization Metrics The following table presents changes in monetization metrics for Google Search & other revenues (paid clicks and cost-per-click) and Google Network revenues (impressions and cost-per-impression), expressed as a percentage, from 2023 to 2024: Changes in paid clicks and impressions are driven by a number of interrelated factors, including changes in advertiser spending; ongoing product and policy changes; and, as it relates to paid clicks, fluctuations in search queries resulting from changes in user adoption and usage, primarily on mobile devices. Changes in cost-per-click and cost-per-impression are driven by a number of interrelated factors including changes in device mix, geographic mix, advertiser spending, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, property mix, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 36. Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues increased $5.7 billion from 2023 to 2024. The growth was primarily driven by an increase in subscription revenues, largely from growth in the number of paid subscribers for YouTube services followed by Google One. Google Cloud Google Cloud revenues increased $10.1 billion from 2023 to 2024 primarily driven by growth in Google Cloud Platform largely from infrastructure services. Revenues by Geography The following table presents revenues by geography as a percentage of revenues, determined based on the addresses of our customers: For additional information, see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Use of Non-GAAP Constant Currency Information International revenues, which represent a significant portion of our revenues, are generally transacted in multiple currencies and therefore are affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The effect of currency exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons. We use non-GAAP constant currency revenues ("constant currency revenues") and non-GAAP percentage change in constant currency revenues ("percentage change in constant currency revenues") for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis in addition to U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) results helps improve the ability to understand our performance, because it excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility that are not indicative of our core operating results. Constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period over period. We define constant currency revenues as revenues excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements ("FX Effect") as well as hedging activities, which are recognized at the consolidated level. We use constant currency revenues to determine the constant currency revenue percentage change on a year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated by translating current period revenues using prior year comparable period exchange rates, as well as excluding any hedging effects realized in the current period. Constant currency revenue percentage change is calculated by determining the change in current period revenues over prior year comparable period revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior year comparable period exchange rates and hedging effects are excluded from revenues of both periods. These results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with GAAP. Results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not a measure of performance presented in accordance with GAAP. 37. The following table presents the foreign currency exchange effect on international revenues and total revenues (in millions, except percentages): (1) Total constant currency revenues of $352.7 billion for 2024 increased $45.6 billion compared to $307.2 billion in revenues, excluding hedging effect, for 2023. EMEA revenue growth was not materially affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, as the effect of the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Turkish lira was offset by the U.S. dollar weakening relative to the British pound and the euro. APAC revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Japanese yen. Other Americas revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Argentine peso and the Brazilian real. Costs and Expenses Cost of Revenues The following table presents cost of revenues, including TAC (in millions, except percentages): Cost of revenues increased $13.0 billion from 2023 to 2024 due to an increase in other cost of revenues and TAC of $9.0 billion and $4.0 billion, res pectively. The increase in TAC from 2023 to 2024 was largely due to an increase in TAC paid to distribution partners, primarily driven by growth in revenues subject to TAC. The TAC rate decreased from 21.4% to 20.7% from 2023 to 2024 primarily due to a revenue mix shift from Google Network properties to Google Search & other properties. The TAC rate on Google Search & other revenues increased from 2023 to 2024 primarily due to increases related to mobile searches, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. The TAC rate on Google Network revenues was substantially consistent from 2023 to 2024. The increase in other cost of revenues from 2023 to 2024 was primarily due to increases in content acquisition costs, largely for YouTube, depreciation expense, and other technical infrastructure operations costs. Research and Development The following table presents R&D expenses (in millions, except percentages): 38. R&D expenses increased $3.9 billion from 2023 to 2024, primarily driven by increases in employee compensation expenses of $1.5 billion, depreciation expense of $1.4 billion, and third-party services fees of $698 million, partially offset by a reduction in charges related to our office space optimization efforts of $640 million. The increase in employee compensation expenses was primarily driven by a $1.3 billion increase in SBC expenses, which includes the reduction in valuation-based compensation liabilities related to certain Other Bets recognized in the prior year comparable period, partially offset by a $537 million decrease in severance and related charges. Sales and Marketing The following table presents sales and marketing expenses (in millions, except percentages): Sales and marketing expenses decreased $109 million from 2023 to 2024, due to a combination of factors, none of which were individually significant. General and Administrative The following table presents general and administrative expenses (in millions, except percentages): General and administrative expenses decreased $2.2 billion from 2023 to 2024, primarily driven by a reduction in charges related to legal and other matters of $1.3 billion and a decrease in employee compensation expenses of $285 million, primarily due to a decrease in average headcount, in addition to a combination of factors, none of which were individually significant. Segment Profitability We report our segment results as Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets. Additionally, certain costs are not allocated to our segments because they represent Alphabet-level activities. For further details on our segments, see Part I, Item 1 Business and Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following table presents segment operating income (loss) (in millions). (1) In addition to the costs included in Alphabet-level activities, hedging gains (losses) related to revenue were $236 million and $211 million in 2023 and 2024 , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 , Alphabet-level activities included substantially all of the charges related to employee severance and our office spa ce charges. 39. Google Services Google Services operating income increased $25.4 billion from 2023 to 2024. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by an increase in revenues, partially offset by increases in content acquisition costs and TAC. Additionally, a reduction in employee compensation expenses contributed to the increase in operating income. Google Cloud Google Cloud operating income increased $4.4 billion from 2023 to 2024. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by an increase in revenues, partially offset by increases in usage costs for technical infrastructure as well as employee compensation expenses, largely driven by headcount growth. Other Bets Other Bets operating loss increased $349 million from 2023 to 2024. The increase in operating loss was primarily due to an increase in expenses, largely driven by employee compensation expenses in addition to a combination of factors, none of which were individually significant. The increase in employee compensation expenses was primarily as a result of the reduction in valuation-based compensation liabilities related to certain Other Bets recognized in the prior year comparable period. Other Income (Expense), Net The following table presents OI&E, (in millions): OI&E, net increased $6.0 billion from 2023 to 2024 primarily due to an increase in net gains on equity securities and a decrease in net losses on foreign currency exchange. The net gains on equity securities were primarily due to net unrealized gains on non-marketable equity securities driven by fair value adjustments related to observable transactions, partially offset by a decrease in net unrealized gains on marketable equity securities due to market-driven changes. Foreign currency exchange net losses decreased compared to the prior year primarily due to prior year losses in unhedged currencies. In January 2025, we recognized an $8.0 billion unrealized gain on our non-marketable equity securities related to our investment in a private company. The unrealized gain reflects an increase in the fair value measurement of our investment following an observable transaction in January 2025. For additional information, see Note 3 and Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Provision for Income Taxes The following table presents provision for income taxes (in millions, except effective tax rate): The effective tax rate increased from 2023 to 2024. This increase was primarily due to a one-time adjustment for tax rule changes issued by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that affected the 2023 rate related to U.S. federal foreign tax credits, as well as a separate rule change with guidance on the capitalization and amortization of R&D 40. expenses. Additionally, a decrease in the 2024 U.S. federal Foreign Derived Intangible Income tax deduction contributed to an increase in the effective tax rate. These factors were partially offset by an increase in stock-based compensation-related tax benefits in 2024. The OECD is coordinating negotiations among more than 140 countries with the goal of achieving consensus around substantial changes to international tax policies, including the implementation of a minimum global effective tax rate of 15%. Some countries have already implemented the legislation effective January 1, 2024, and we expect others to follow, however this did not have a material effect on our income tax provision for the 2024 fiscal year. Financial Condition Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities As of December 31, 2024 , we had $95.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities. Ca sh equivalents and marketable securities a re comprised of time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and marketable equity securities. Sources, Uses of Cash and Related Trends Our principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from operations. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest for the long-term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. The following table presents our cash flows (in millions): Cash Provided by Operating Activities Our largest source of cash provided by operations are advertising revenues generated by Google Search & other properties, Google Network properties, and YouTube properties. In Google Services, we also generate cash through consumer subscriptions, the sale of apps and in-app purchases, and devices. In Google Cloud, we generate cash through consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, applications, and other cloud services. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include payments to distribution and Google Network partners, to employees for compensation, and to content providers. Other uses of cash from operating activities include payments to suppliers for devices, to tax authorities for income taxes, and other general corporate expenditures. Net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2023 to 2024 due to an increase in cash received from customers, partially offset by an increase in cash payments for cost of revenues and operating expenses. Cash Used in Investing Activities Cash provided by investing activities consists primarily of maturities and sales of investments in marketable and non-marketable securities. Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of marketable and non-marketable securities, purchases of property and equipment, and payments for acquisitions. Net cash used in investing activities increased from 2023 to 2024 primarily due to an increase in purchases of property and equipment and purchases of marketable securities, partially offset by increases in maturities and sales of marketable securities. The increase in purchases of property and equipment is primarily driven by investments in technical infrastructure. Cash Used in Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities consists primarily of proceeds from issuance of debt and proceeds from the sale of interests in consolidated entities. Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of repurchases of stock, net payments related to stock-based award activities, payment of dividends, and repayments of debt. Net cash used in financing activities increased from 2023 to 2024 due to dividend payments and net payments related to stock-based award activities, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from issuance of debt, net of repayments. 41. Liquidity and Material Cash Requirements We expect exist ing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, and cash flows from operations and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months, and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Capital Expenditures and Leases We make investments in land, buildings, and servers and network equipment through purchases of property and equipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our services and products. Capital Expenditures Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of the following major categories: • technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including AI, and data center land and building construction; and • office facilities, ground-up development projects, and building improvements (also referred to as "fit-outs"). Assets not yet in service are those that are not ready for our intended use, including assets in the process of construction or assembly, and consists primarily of technical infrastructure. The time frame from date of purchase to placement in service of these assets may extend from months to years. For example, our data center construction projects are generally multi-year projects with multiple phases, where we acquire land and buildings, construct buildings, and secure and install servers and network equipment. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, we spent $32.3 billion and $52.5 billion on capital expenditures, respectively. We expect to increase, relative to 2024, our i nvestment in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, in particular in support of AI products and services. Depreciation of our property and equipment commences when the deployment of such assets are completed and are ready for our intended use. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, our depreciation on property and equipment was $11.9 billion and $15.3 billion, respectively. Leases For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, we recognized additional operating lease assets of $2.9 billion and $2.5 billion, and additional finance lease assets of $564 million and $313 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, the amount of total future lease payments under operating leases, which had a weighted average remaining lease term of 7.8 years, was $17.0 billion, of which $3.2 billion is short-term, and total future lease payments under finance leases, which had a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.4 years, was $1.9 billion, of which $257 million is short-term. As of December 31, 2024, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future short-term and long-term lease payments of $773 million and $6.5 billion, respectively, that are not yet recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2025 and 2028 with non-cancelable lease terms of one to 25 years. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, our operating lease expenses (including variable lease costs) were $4.5 billion and $4.7 billion, respectively. Finance lease costs were $504 million and $444 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. For additional information, see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Financing We have a short-term debt financing program of up to $10.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2024, we ha d $2.3 billion of short-term commercial paper outstanding. As of December 31, 2024, we had senior unsecured notes outstanding with a total carrying value of $11.9 billion with short-term and long-term future interest payments of $197 million and $3.4 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, we had $10.0 billion of revolving credit facilities, $4.0 billion expiring in April 2025 and $6.0 billion expiring in April 2028. The interest rates for all credit facilities are determined based on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement of certain sustainability goals . No amounts have been borrowed under the credit facilities. For additional information, see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 42. We primarily utilize contract manufacturers for the assembly of our servers used in our technical infrastructure and devices we sell. We have agreements where we may purchase components directly from suppliers and then supply these components to contract manufacturers for use in the assembly of the servers and devices. Certain of these arrangements result in a portion of the cash received from and paid to the contract manufacturers to be presented as financing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Share Repurchase Program During 2024, we repurchased and subsequently retired 379 million shares for $62.0 billion . In April 2024, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional $70.0 billion of its Class A and Class C shares. As of December 31, 2024 , $44.7 billion remained available for Class A and Class C share repurchases. The following table presents Class A and Class C shares repurchased and subsequently retired (in millions): (1) Shares repurchased include unsettled repurchases. For additional information, see Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Dividend Program During the year ended December 31, 2024 total cash dividends, which were first paid in June 2024, were $3.5 billion, $519 million, and $3.3 billion for Class A, Class B, and Class C shares, respectively. The company intends to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, subject to review and approval by the company’s Board of Directors in its sole discretion. European Commission Fines In 2017, 2018, and 2019, the European Commission (EC) announced decisions that certain actions taken by Google infringed European competition law and imposed fines of €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017), €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018), and €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019), respectively. In September 2022, the General Court affirmed the EC decision but reduced the 2018 fine from €4.3 billion to €4.1 billion. We subsequently appealed the General Court's affirmation of the EC decision with the European Court of Justice, which remains pending. In September 2024, the European Court of Justice rejected our appeal of the 2017 decision and upheld the €2.4 billion fine. In the third quarter of 2024, we made a cash payment of $3.0 billion for the 2017 shopping fine. In September 2024, the EU's General Court overturned the 2019 decision and annulled the €1.5 billion fine. The EC has appealed the General Court's decision to the European Court of Justice. We included the outstanding EC fines, including any under appeal, in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For additional information, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Taxes As of December 31, 2024 , we had income taxes payable of $2.7 billion related to a one-time transition tax payable incurred as a result of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which is due in 2025. We also had long-term taxes payable of $8.8 billion primarily related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2024 . Purchase Commitments and Other Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2024, we had material purchase commitments and other contractual obligations of $55.4 billion, of which $32.5 billion was short-term. These amounts primarily consist of purchase orders for certain technical infrastructure as well as the non-cancelable portion or the minimum cancellation fee in certain agreements related to commitments to purchase licenses, including content licenses, inventory, and network capacity. For those agreements 43. with variable terms, we do not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing as of December 31, 2024. In certain instances, the amount of our contractual obligations may change based on the expected timing of order fulfillment from our suppliers. For more information related to our content licenses, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, we regularly enter into multi-year, non-cancellable agreements to purchase renewable energy and energy attributes, such as renewable energy certificates. These agreements do not include a minimum dollar commitment. The amounts to be paid under these agreements are based on the actual volumes to be generated and are not readily determinable. Critical Accounting Estimates We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. In doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions. Our critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of uncertainty at the time the estimate was made, and changes in them have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. We have reviewed our critical accounting estimates with the Audit and Compliance Committee of our Board of Directors. For a summary of significant accounting policies and the effect on our financial statements, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Fair Value Measurements of Non-Marketable Equity Securities We measure certain financial instruments at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, consisting primarily of our non-marketable equity securities. These investments are accounted for under the measurement alternative method ("the measurement alternative") and are measured at cost, less impairment, subject to upward and downward adjustments resulting from observable price changes for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. These adjustments require quantitative assessments of the fair value of our securities, which may require the use of unobservable inputs. Adjustments are determined primarily based on a market approach as of the transaction date and involve the use of estimates using the best information available, which may include cash flow projections or other available market data. Non-marketable equity securities are also evaluated for impairment, based on qualitative factors including the companies' financial and liquidity position and access to capital resources, among others. When indicators of impairment exist, we prepare quantitative measurements of the fair value of our equity investments using a market approach or an income approach, which requires judgment and the use of unobservable inputs, including discount rates, investee revenues and costs, and comparable market data of private and public companies, among others. When the quantitative remeasurements of fair value indicate an impairment exists, we write down the investment to its current fair value. We also have compensation arrangements with payouts based on realized returns from certain investments, i.e. performance fees. We record compensation expense based on the estimated payouts on an ongoing basis, which may result in expense recognized before investment returns are realized and compensation is paid and may require the use of unobservable inputs. Property and Equipment We assess the reasonableness of the useful lives of our property and equipment periodically as well as when other changes occur, such as when there are changes to ongoing business operations, changes in the planned use and utilization of assets, or technological advancements, that could indicate a change in the period over which we expect to benefit from the asset. Income Taxes We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. Recording an uncertain tax position involves various qualitative considerations, including evaluation of comparable and resolved tax exposures, applicability of tax laws, and likelihood of settlement. We evaluate uncertain tax positions periodically, considering changes in facts and circumstances, such as new regulations or recent judicial opinions, as well as the status of audit activities by taxing authorities. Although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such 44. differences will affect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made. The provision for income taxes includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves as well as the related net interest and penalties. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Loss Contingencies We are subject to claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, other proceedings, and consent orders involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the possible loss in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures. Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. Until the final resolution of such matters, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity investment risks. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk We transact business globally in multiple currencies. International revenues, as well as costs and expenses denominated in foreign currencies, expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. As discussed below, we enter into derivative instruments to hedge foreign currency risk. Principal currencies hedged included the Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro, and Japanese yen. For the purpose of analyzing foreign currency exchange risk, we considered the historical trends in foreign currency exchange rates and determined that it was reasonably possible that adverse changes in exchange rates of 10% could be experienced. We use foreign currency forward and option contracts to offset the foreign exchange risk on monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the subsidiary. These forward and option contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our assets and liabilities. The foreign currency gains and losses on these assets and liabilities are recorded in OI&E, which are offset by the gains and losses on the forward and option contracts. If an adverse 10% foreign currency exchange rate change was applied to net monetary assets, liabilities, and commitments denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies at the balance sheet date, it would have resulted in an adverse effect on income before income taxes of approxima tely $503 million and $135 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively, after consideration of the effect of foreign exchange contracts in place for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024. We use foreign currency forward and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised of a combination of purchased and written options) to protect forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. When the U.S. dollar strengthens, gains from foreign currency forward and option contacts reduce the foreign currency losses related to our earnings. When the U.S. dollar weakens, losses from foreign currency forward and option contracts offset the foreign currency gains related to our earnings. These hedging contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. We reflect the gains and losses of foreign currency spot rate changes as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and subsequently reclassify them into revenues to offset the hedged exposures as they occur. I f the U.S. dollar weakened by 10% as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our cash flow hedges before tax effect would have been approximately $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion lower as of 45. December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The change in the value recorded in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding foreign currency change in forecasted hedged revenues when recognized. We use foreign exchange forward contracts designated as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to investment in foreign subsidiaries. These forward contracts serve to offset the foreign currency translation risk from our foreign operations. If the U.S. dollar weakened by 10%, the amount recorded in cumulative translation adjustment (CTA) within AOCI related to our net investment hedges before tax effect would have been approximately $946 million and $660 million lower as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The change in value recorded in CTA would be expected to offset a corresponding foreign currency translation gain or loss from our investment in foreign subsidiaries. Interest Rate Risk Our Corporate Treasury investment strategy is to achieve a return that w ill allow us to preserve capital and maintain liquidity. We invest primarily in debt securities, including government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, money market and other funds, time deposits, and interest rate derivatives. By policy, we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. Our investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. Unrealized gains and losses on our marketable debt securities are primarily due to interest rate fluctuations as compared to interest rates at the time of purchase. For certain fixed and variable rate debt securities, we have elected the fair value option for which changes in fair value are recorded in OI&E. We measure securities for which we have not elected the fair value option at fair value with gains and losses recorded in AOCI until the securities are sold, less any expected credit losses. We use value-at-risk (VaR) analysis to determine the potential effect of fluctuations in interest rates on the value of our investment portfolio. The VaR is the expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, for our investment portfolio due to adverse movements in interest rates. We use a variance/covariance VaR model with 95% confidence interval. The estimated one-day loss in fair value of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2023 and 2024 are shown below (in millions): Actual future gains and losses associated with our investment portfolio may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses performed as of December 31, 2023 and 2024 due to the inherent limitations associated with predicting the timing and amount of changes in interest rates and our actual exposures and positions. VaR analysis is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation. Equity Investment Risk Our marketable and non-marketable equity securities are subject to a wide variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce or increase the fair value of our holdings. Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks or funds and our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies, some of which are in the startup or development stages. We record marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method at fair value based on readily determinable market values, of which publicly traded stocks and mutual funds are subject to market price volatility, and represent $6.0 billion and $5.1 billion of our investments as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. A hypothetical adverse price change of 10% on our December 31, 2024 balance would decrease the fair value of marketable equity securities by $508 million. From time to time, we may enter into derivatives to hedge the market price risk on certain of our marketable equity securities. Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are primarily adjusted to fair value for observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment (referred to as the measurement alternative). The fair value measured at the time of the observable transaction is not necessarily an indication of the current fair value as of the balance sheet date. These investments, especially those that are in the early stages, are inherently risky because the technologies or products these companies have under development are typically in the early phases and may never materialize, and they may experience a decline in financial condition, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our investment in these companies. Valuations of our equity investments in private companies are inherently more complex due to the lack of readily available market data and 46. observable transactions at lower valuations could result in significant losses. In addition, global economic conditions could result in additional volatility. The success of our investment in any private company is also typically dependent on the likelihood of our ability to realize appreciation in the value of investments through liquidity events such as public offerings, acquisitions, private sales or other market events. Changes in the valuation of non-marketable equity securities may not directly correlate with changes in valuation of marketable equity securities. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities, which were accounted for under the measurement alternative, was $28.8 billion and $35.5 billion, respectively. The carrying values of our equity method investments, which totaled approximately $1.7 billion and $2.0 billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2024 , respectively, generally do not fluctuate based on market price changes. However, these investments could be impaired if the carrying value exceeds the fair value and is not expected to recover. For additional information about our equity investments, see Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 47. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Alphabet Inc. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 48. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alphabet Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alphabet Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2023 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024 , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 4, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 49. Loss Contingencies 50. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alphabet Inc. Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Alphabet Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Alphabet Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2024 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 4, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 51. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions, except par value per share amounts) See accompanying notes. 52. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (in millions, except per share amounts) See accompanying notes. 53. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in millions) See accompanying notes. 54. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (in millions) See accompanying notes. 55. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in millions) See accompanying notes. 56. Alphabet Inc. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Nature of Operations Google was incorporated in California in September 1998 and re-incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 2003. In 2015, we implemented a holding company reorganization, and as a result, Alphabet Inc. ("Alphabet") became the successor issuer to Google. We generate revenues by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising; cloud-based solutions that provide enterprise customers of all sizes with infrastructure, platform services, and applications; sales of other products and services, such as fees received for subscription-based products, apps and in-app purchases, and devices. Basis of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements of Alphabet include the accounts of Alphabet and entities consolidated under the variable interest and voting models. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Use of Estimates Preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates due to uncertainties. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the allowance for credit losses; contingent liabilities; fair values of financial instruments and goodwill; income taxes; inventory; and useful lives of property and equipment, among others. We base our estimates on assumptions, both historical and forward looking, that are believed to be reasonable, and the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, and the collectibility of an amount that we expect in exchange for those goods or services is probable. Sales and other similar taxes are excluded from revenues. Advertising Revenues We generate advertising revenues primarily by delivering advertising on: • Google Search and other properties, including revenues from traffic generated by search distribution partners who use Google.com as their default search in browsers, toolbars, etc. and other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play; • YouTube properties; and • Google Network properties, including revenues from Google Network properties participating in AdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager. Our customers generally purchase advertising inventory through Google Ads, Google Ad Manager, Google Display & Video 360, and Google Marketing Platform, among others. We offer advertising by delivering both performance and brand advertising. We recognize revenues for performance advertising when a user engages with the advertisement. For brand advertising, we recognize revenues when the ad is displayed, or a user views the ad. For ads placed on Google Network properties, we evaluate whether we are the principal (i.e., report revenues on a gross basis) or agent (i.e., report revenues on a net basis). Generally, we report advertising revenues for ads placed on Google Network properties on a gross basis, that is, the amounts billed to our customers are recorded as revenues, and amounts paid to Google Network partners are recorded as cost of revenues. Where we are the principal, we control the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers. Our control is evidenced by our sole ability to monetize the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers and is further supported by us being primarily responsible to our customers and having a level of discretion in establishing pricing. Google Subscriptions, Platforms, and Devices Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues consist of revenues from: 57. • consumer subscriptions, which primarily include revenues from YouTube services, such as YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, as well as Google One; • platforms, which primarily include revenues from Google Play sales of apps and in-app purchases; • devices, which primarily include sales of the Pixel family of devices; and • other products and services. Subscription revenues are recognized ratably over the period of the subscription, primarily monthly. We report revenues from Google Play sales of apps and in-app purchases on a net basis because our performance obligation is to facilitate a transaction between app developers and end users for which we earn a service fee. Google Cloud Revenues Google Cloud revenues consist of revenues from: • Google Cloud Platform, which generates consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, and other services. These services provide access to solutions such as AI offerings including our AI infrastructure, Vertex AI platform, and Gemini for Google Cloud; cybersecurity; and data and analytics; • Google Workspace, which includes subscriptions for cloud-based communication and collaboration tools for enterprises, such as Calendar, Gmail, Docs, Drive, and Meet, with integrated features like Gemini for Google Workspace; and • other enterprise services. Our cloud services are generally provided on either a consumption or subscription basis and may have contract terms longer than a year. Revenues related to cloud services provided on a consumption basis are recognized when the customer utilizes the services, based on the quantity of services consumed. Revenues related to cloud services provided on a subscription basis are recognized ratably over the contract term as the customer receives and consumes the benefits of the cloud services. Arrangements with Multiple Performance Obligations Our contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements, we allocate revenues to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. We generally determine standalone selling prices based on the prices charged to customers. Customer Incentives and Credits Certain customers receive cash-based incentives or credits, which are accounted for as variable consideration. We estimate these amounts based on the expected amount to be provided to customers and reduce revenues. We believe that there will not be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration related to customer incentives and credits. Sales Commissions We expense sales commissions when incurred when the period of the expected benefit is one year or less. We recognize an asset for certain sales commissions and amortize if the expected benefit period is greater than one year. These costs are recorded within sales and marketing expenses. Cost of Revenues Cost of revenues consists of TAC and other costs of revenues. • TAC includes: ◦ amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers; and ◦ amounts paid to Google Network partners primarily for ads displayed on their properties. • Other cost of revenues includes: ◦ content acquisition costs, which are payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for distribution, primarily related to YouTube (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generated, subscriber counts, or a flat fee); ◦ depreciation expense related to our technical infrastructure; 58. ◦ employee compensation expenses related to our technical infrastructure and other operations such as content review and customer and product support; ◦ inventory and other costs related to the devices we sell; and ◦ other technical infrastructure operations costs, including network capacity, energy, and equipment costs. Software Development Costs We expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be sold, leased, or marketed to external users, before technological feasibility is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before the release of such products. As a result, development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented. Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and cloud-based applications used to deliver our services. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications once the preliminary project stage is complete and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software applications were not material for the periods presented. Stock-based Compensation Stock-based compensation (SBC) primarily consists of Alphabet restricted stock units (RSUs). RSUs are equity classified and measured at the fair market value of the underlying stock at the grant date. We recognize RSU expense using the straight-line attribution method over the requisite service period and account for forfeitures as they occur. RSUs are awarded dividend equivalents, which are subject to the same vesting conditions as the underlying award, and settled in Class C shares. For RSUs, shares are issued on the vesting dates net of the applicable statutory income tax withholding to be paid by us on behalf of our employees. As a result, fewer shares are issued than the number of RSUs outstanding, and the income tax withholding is recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. Additionally, SBC includes other stock-based awards, such as performance stock units (PSUs) that include market conditions and awards that may be settled in cash or the stock of certain Other Bet companies. PSUs and certain awards granted by Other Bet companies are equity classified and expense is recognized over the requisite service period. Certain awards granted by Other Bet companies are liability classified and remeasured at fair value through settlement. The fair value of awards granted by Other Bet companies is based on the equity valuation of the respective Other Bet company. Advertising and Promotional Expenses We expense advertising and promotional costs in the period in which they are incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2023, and 2024, advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately $ 9.2 billion, $ 8.7 billion, and $ 8.7 billion, respectively. Performance Fees Performance fees refer to compensation arrangements with payouts based on realized returns from certain investments. We record compensation expense based on the estimated payouts on an ongoing basis, which may result in expense recognized before investment returns are realized and compensation is paid and may require the use of unobservable inputs. Performance fees are recorded as a component of OI&E. Fair Value Measurements Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured and classified in accordance with a three-tier fair value hierarchy based on the observability of the inputs available in the market used to measure fair value: Level 1 - Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Level 2 - Inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be derived from observable market data. Where applicable, 59. these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings. Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activities. The fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The determination of fair value involves the use of appropriate valuation methods and relevant inputs into valuation models. Our financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis include cash equivalents, marketable securities, derivative financial instruments, and certain non-marketable debt securities. Our financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include non-marketable equity securities. Other financial assets and liabilities are carried at cost with fair value disclosed, if required. We measure certain other instruments, and certain assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, also at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Financial Instruments Our financial instruments include cash, cash equivalents, marketable and non-marketable securities, derivative financial instruments, accounts receivable, and convertible notes. Credit Risks We are subject to credit risk primarily from cash equivalents, marketable debt securities, derivative financial instruments, including foreign exchange contracts, accounts receivable, and convertible notes. We manage our credit risk exposure through timely assessment of our counterparty creditworthiness, credit limits, and use of collateral management. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from customers located around the world. We manage our credit risk exposure by performing ongoing evaluations to determine customer credit and we limit the amount of credit we extend. We generally do not require collateral from our customers. Cash Equivalents We invest excess cash primarily in asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, corporate debt securities, government bonds, money market funds, and time deposits. Marketable Securities We classify all marketable debt securities that have effective maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase as cash equivalents and those with effective maturities of greater than three months as marketable securities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We determine the appropriate classification of our investments in marketable debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation at each balance sheet date. We have classified and accounted for our marketable debt securities as available-for-sale. After consideration of our risk versus reward objectives, as well as our liquidity requirements, we may sell these debt securities prior to their effective maturities. As we view these securities as available to support current operations, we classify highly liquid securities with maturities beyond 12 months as current assets under the caption marketable securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We carry these securities at fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders’ equity, except for the changes in allowance for expected credit losses, which are recorded in OI&E. For certain marketable debt securities we have elected the fair value option, for which changes in fair value are recorded in OI&E. We determine any realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable debt securities on a specific identification method, and we record such gains and losses as a component of OI&E. Our investments in marketable equity securities are measured at fair value with the related gains and losses, including unrealized, recognized in OI&E. We classify our marketable equity securities subject to long-term lock-up restrictions beyond 12 months as other non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Non-Marketable Securities Non-marketable securities primarily consist of equity securities. We account for non-marketable equity securities through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee under the equity method. Other non-marketable equity securities that we hold are primarily accounted for under the measurement alternative. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value is measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Adjustments are determined primarily based on a market approach as of the transaction date and are recorded as a component of OI&E. 60. Non-marketable securities that do not have effective contractual maturity dates are classified as other non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Derivative Financial Instruments See Note 3 for the accounting policy pertaining to derivative financial instruments. Accounts Receivable Our payment terms for accounts receivable vary by the types and locations of our customers and the products or services offered. The term between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customers, we require payment before the products or services are delivered to the customer. Additionally, accounts receivable includes amounts for services performed in advance of the right to invoice the customer. We maintain an allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable, which is recorded as an offset to accounts receivable, and changes in such are classified as general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. We assess collectibility by reviewing accounts receivable on a collective basis where similar characteristics exist and on an individual basis when we identify specific customers with known disputes or collectibility issues. In determining the amount of the allowance for credit losses, we consider historical collectibility based on past due status and make judgments about the creditworthiness of customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. We also consider customer-specific information, current market conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. Convertible Notes Our investments in convertible notes are primarily recorded at amortized cost which includes unpaid principal balances, deferred origination costs, and any related discount or premium, net of allowances for credit losses, and are included within other non-current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Other Our financial instruments also include debt and equity investments in companies with which we also entered into commercial arrangements at or near the same time. For these transactions, judgment is required in assessing the substance of the arrangements, including assessing whether the components of the arrangements should be accounted for as separate transactions under the applicable GAAP, and determining the value of the components of the arrangements, including the fair value of the investments. Additionally, if our investment in such companies becomes impaired, we may need to re-evaluate the accounting for the commercial arrangement, including reducing any remaining performance obligations. Impairment of Investments We periodically review our debt and non-marketable equity securities for impairment. For debt securities in an unrealized loss position, we determine whether a credit loss exists. The credit loss is estimated by considering available information relevant to the collectibility of the security and information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Any credit loss is recorded as a charge to OI&E, not to exceed the amount of the unrealized loss. Unrealized losses other than the credit loss are recognized in AOCI. If we have an intent to sell, or if it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a debt security in an unrealized loss position before recovery of its amortized cost basis, we will write down the security to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as a component of OI&E. For non-marketable equity securities, including equity method investments, we consider whether impairment indicators exist by evaluating the companies' financial and liquidity position and access to capital resources, among other indicators. If the assessment indicates that the investment is impaired, we write down the investment to its fair value by recording the corresponding charge as a component of OI&E. We prepare quantitative measurements of the fair value of our equity investments using a market approach or an income approach. Inventory Inventory consists primarily of finished goods and is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is computed using the first-in, first-out method. Variable Interest Entities We determine at the inception of each arrangement whether an entity in which we have made an investment or in which we have other variable interests is considered a variable interest entity (VIE). We consolidate VIEs when we are 61. the primary beneficiary. We are the primary beneficiary of a VIE when we have the power to direct activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE and have the obligation to absorb the majority of their losses or benefits. If we are not the primary beneficiary in a VIE, we account for the investment or other variable interests in a VIE in accordance with applicable GAAP. Periodically, we assess whether any changes in our interest or relationship with the entity affect our determination of whether the entity is a VIE and, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary. Property and Equipment Property and equipment is comprised of technical infrastructure, office space, corporate and other assets currently in service, and assets not yet in service. Technical infrastructure includes data center land, buildings and leasehold improvements, and servers and network equipment. Office space includes office land, buildings and leasehold improvements. Assets not yet in service are those that are not ready for our intended use, including data center buildings and servers in the process of construction or assembly. Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation commences once assets are ready for our intended use and is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which we regularly evaluate for factors such as technological obsolescence and our planned use and utilization. We depreciate data center and office buildings over periods of seven to 40 years. We depreciate servers and network equipment generally over a period of six years . We depreciate corporate and other assets over periods of two to 25 years. We depreciate leasehold improvements over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Land is not depreciated. Goodwill We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. We evaluate our reporting units periodically, as well as when changes in our operating segments occur. For changes in reporting units, we reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. We test our goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. Goodwill impairments were no t material for the periods presented. Leases We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Our lease agreements generally contain lease and non-lease components. Payments under our lease arrangements are primarily fixed. Non-lease components primarily include payments for maintenance and utilities. We combine fixed payments for non-lease components with lease payments and account for them together as a single lease component which increases the amount of our lease assets and liabilities. Certain lease agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the lease assets and liabilities. These amounts primarily include payments affected by the Consumer Price Index, and payments for maintenance and utilities. Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments is our incremental borrowing rate, because the interest rate implicit in our leases is not readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments, and in economic environments where the leased asset is located. Our lease terms include periods under options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We generally use the base, non-cancelable, lease term when determining the lease assets and liabilities. Lease assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives. Lease assets and liabilities are included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The current portion of our operating lease liabilities is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and the long-term portion is included in operating lease liabilities. Finance lease assets are included in property and equipment, net. Finance lease liabilities are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities or other long-term liabilities. Operating lease expense (excluding variable lease costs) is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Finance lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or the useful life of the asset, and interest expense is recognized based on the incremental borrowing rate. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets We review leases, property and equipment, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed 62. at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. We measure recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets or the asset group are expected to generate. If the carrying value of the assets or asset group is not recoverable, the impairment recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Income Taxes We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which we recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. We measure current and deferred tax assets and liabilities based on provisions of enacted tax law. We evaluate the likelihood of future realization of our deferred tax assets based on all available evidence and establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that they will not be realized or release a valuation allowance to increase deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that they will be realized. We have elected to account for the tax effects of the global intangible low tax income provision as a current period expense. We recognize the financial statement effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not that, based on technical merits, the position will be sustained upon examination. The tax benefits of the position recognized in the financial statements are then measured based on the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with a taxing authority. In addition, we recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision. Business Combinations We include the results of operations of the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of the acquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values, except for revenue contracts acquired, which are recognized in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. Foreign Currency We translate the financial statements of our international subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities, and average rates for the period derived from month-end exchange rates for revenues, costs, and expenses. We record translation gains and losses in AOCI as a component of stockholders’ equity. We reflect net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency as a component of foreign currency exchange gain (loss) in OI&E. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-09 "Income Taxes (Topics 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures" to expand the disclosure requirements for income taxes. Upon adoption we will be required to disclose additional specified categories in the rate reconciliation in both percentage and dollar amounts. We will also be required to disclose the amount of income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction, among other disclosure requirements. The standard can be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We will adopt the standard in our 2025 annual period and are currently assessing the effect that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures. In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03 "Income Statement: Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40)" to improve the disclosures about an entity’s expenses. Upon adoption, we will be required to disclose in the notes to the financial statements a disaggregation of certain expense categories included within the expense captions on the face of the income statement. The standard is effective for our 2027 annual period, and our interim periods beginning in 2028, with early adoption permitted. The standard can be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently assessing adoption timing and the effect that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07 “Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures” which expands annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. We adopted this ASU for our 2024 annual period with the comparative periods updated to reflect additional disclosures. See Note 15 for further details. Prior Period Reclassifications Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. 63. Note 2. Revenues Disaggregated Revenues The following table presents revenues disaggregated by type (in millions): No in dividual customer or groups of affiliated customers represented more than 10% of our revenues in 2022, 2023, or 2024. The following table presents revenues disaggregated by geography, based on the addresses of our customers (in millions): (1) Regions represent Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); Asia-Pacific (APAC); and Canada and Latin America ("Other Americas"). Revenue Backlog As of December 31, 2024, we had $ 93.2 billion of remaining performance obligations (“revenue backlog”), primarily related to Google Cloud. Revenue backlog represents commitments in customer contracts for future services that have not yet been recognized as revenue. We expect to recognize approximately half of the revenue backlog as revenues over the next 24 months with the remainder to be recognized thereafter. The estimated revenue backlog and timing of revenue recognition for these commitments is largely driven by our ability to deliver in accordance with relevant contract terms and when our customers utilize services. Revenue backlog includes related deferred revenue currently recorded as well as amounts that will be invoiced in future periods, and excludes contracts with an original expected term of one year or less and cancellable contracts. Deferred Revenues We record deferred revenues when cash payments are received or due in advance of our performance, including amounts which are refundable. Deferred revenues primarily relate to Google Cloud and Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices. Total deferred revenue as of December 31, 2023 was $ 5.0 billion, of which $ 3.9 billion was recognized as revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024. Total deferred revenue as of December 31, 2024 was $ 6.0 billion. Note 3. Financial Instruments 64. Fair Value Measurements Investments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable equity securities are measured at fair value and classified within Level 1 and Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, because we use quoted prices for identical assets in active markets or inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets. Debt securities are measured at fair value and classified within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, because we use quoted market prices to the extent available or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs to determine fair value. For certain marketable debt securities, we have elected the fair value option for which changes in fair value are recorded in OI&E. The fair value option was elected for these securities to align with the unrealized gains and losses from related derivative contracts. The following tables summarize our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in millions): (1) Represents gross unrealized gains and losses for debt securities recorded to AOCI. (2) The long-term portion of marketable equity securities (subject to long-term lock-up restrictions) of $ 1.4 billion as of December 31, 2023 is included within other non-current assets. 65. (1) Represents gross unrealized gains and losses for debt securities recorded to AOCI. (2) The long-term portion of marketable equity securities (subject to long-term lock-up restrictions) of $ 266 million as of December 31, 2024 is included within other non-current assets. Investments Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies without readily determinable market values. The carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities is adjusted to fair value upon observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured during the period based on observable transactions are classified within Level 2 or Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured due to impairment are classified within Level 3. Our valuation methods include option pricing models, market comparable approach, and common stock equivalent method, which may include a combination of the observable transaction price at the transaction date and other unobservable inputs including volatility, expected time to exit, risk free rate, and the rights and obligations of the securities we hold. These inputs vary significantly based on investment type. As of December 31, 2024, the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities was $ 35.5 billion, of which $ 19.9 billion were remeasured at fair value during the year ended December 31, 2024, and were primarily classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy at the time of measurement. Debt Securities The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of investments in available-for-sale marketable debt securities by effective contractual maturity dates (in millions): 66. The following tables present fair values and gross unrealized losses recorded to AOCI, aggregated by investment category and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position (in millions): We determine realized gains or losses on the sale or extinguishment of debt securities on a specific identification method. The following table summarizes gains and losses for debt securities, reflected as a component of OI&E (in millions): Equity Investments The carrying value of equity securities is measured as the total initial cost plus the cumulative net gain (loss). Gains and losses, including impairments, are included as a component of OI&E in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 7 for further details on OI&E. Certain of our non-marketable equity securities include our investments in VIE where we are not the primary beneficiary. See Note 5 for further details on VIE. The carrying values for marketable and non-marketable equity securities are summarized below (in millions): 67. (1) Non-marketable equity securities cumulative net gain (loss) is comprised of $ 18.1 billion and $ 22.7 billion of gains and $ 6.9 billion and $ 8.4 billion of losses (including impairments) as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. Gains and Losses on Marketable and Non-marketable Equity Securities Gains and losses (including impairments), net, for marketable and non-marketable equity securities included in OI&E are summarized below (in millions): (1) Unrealized gain (loss) on non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative is comprised of $ 3.3 billion, $ 1.8 billion, and $ 5.6 billion of upward adjustments and $ 3.0 billion, $ 2.9 billion, and $ 2.2 billion of downward adjustments (including impairments) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, respectively. In the table above, realized net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later. Cumulative net gains (losses) on equity securities sold during the period, which is summarized in the following table (in millions), represents the total net gains (losses) recognized after the initial purchase date of the equity security sold during the period. While these net gains (losses) may have been reflected in periods prior to the period of sale, we believe they are important supplemental information as they reflect the economic net gains (losses) on the securities sold during the period. Cumulative net gains (losses) are calculated as the difference between the sale price and the initial purchase price for the equity security sold during the period. Equity Securities Accounted for Under the Equity Method As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, equity securities accounted for under the equity method had a carrying value of approximately $ 1.7 billion and $ 2.0 billion, respectively. Our share of gains and losses, including impairments, are included as a component of OI&E, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 7 for further details on OI&E. Certain of our equity method securities include our investments in VIEs where we are not the primary beneficiary. See Note 4 for further details on VIEs. Convertible Notes As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024 , we had investments in convertible notes of $ 921 million and $ 2.9 billion, respectively, the majority of which are convertible notes held for investment. Our convertible notes held for investment are recorded at amortized cost which includes unpaid principal balances, deferred origination costs, and any related discount or premium, net of allowances for credit losses, and are included within other non-current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 68. Derivative Financial Instruments We use derivative instruments to manage risks relating to our ongoing business operations. The primary risk managed is foreign exchange risk. We use foreign currency contracts to reduce the risk that our cash flows, earnings, and investment in foreign subsidiaries will be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We also enter into derivative instruments to partially offset our exposure to other risks and enhance investment returns. We recognize derivative instruments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value and classify the derivatives primarily within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. We present our collar contracts (an option strategy comprised of a combination of purchased and written options) at net fair values and present all other derivatives at gross fair values. The accounting treatment for derivatives is based on the intended use and hedge designation. Cash Flow Hedges We designate foreign currency forward and option contracts (including collars) as cash flow hedges to hedge certain forecasted revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. These contracts have maturities of 24 months or less. Cash flow hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are deferred in AOCI and subsequently reclassified to revenue when the hedged item is recognized in earnings. We exclude forward points and time value from our assessment of hedge effectiveness and amortize them on a straight-line basis over the life of the hedging instrument in revenues. The difference between fair value changes of the excluded component and the amount amortized to revenues is recorded in AOCI. As of December 31, 2024 , the net accumulated gain on our foreign currency cash flow hedges before tax effect was $ 731 million, which is expected to be reclassified from AOCI into revenues within the next 12 months. Fair Value Hedges We designate foreign currency forward contracts as fair value hedges to hedge foreign currency risks for our marketable securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fair value hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in OI&E, along with the offsetting gains and losses of the related hedged items. We exclude forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize changes in the excluded component in OI&E. Net Investment Hedges We designate foreign currency forward contracts as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to our investment in foreign subsidiaries. Net investment hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in AOCI along with the foreign currency translation adjustment. We exclude forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize changes in the excluded component in OI&E. Other Derivatives We enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments to hedge intercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. Gains and losses on these derivatives that are not designated as accounting hedges are primarily recorded in OI&E along with the foreign currency gains and losses on monetary assets and liabilities. We also use derivatives not designated as hedging instruments to manage risks relating to interest rates, commodity prices, and credit exposures, and to enhance investment returns. From time to time, we enter into derivatives to hedge the market price risk on certain of our marketable equity securities. Gains and losses arising from other derivatives are primarily reflected within the “other” component of OI&E. See Note 7 for further details. 69. The gross notional amounts of outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions): The fair values of outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions): (1) Derivative assets are recorded as other current and non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. (2) Derivative liabilities are recorded as accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The gains (losses) on derivatives in cash flow hedging and net investment hedging relationships recognized in other comprehensive income (OCI) are summarized below (in millions): 70. The table below presents the gains (losses) of our derivatives included in the Consolidated Statements of Income: (in millions): Offsetting of Derivatives We enter into master netting arrangements and collateral security arrangements to reduce credit risk. Cash collateral received related to derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements are included in other current assets with a corresponding liability . Cash and non-cash collateral pledged related to derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements are included in other current assets. 71. The gross amounts of derivative instruments subject to master netting arrangements with various counterparties, and cash and non-cash collateral received and pledged under such agreements were as follows (in millions): (1) The balances as of December 31, 2023 and 2024 were related to derivatives allowed to be net settled in accordance with our master netting agreements. Note 4. Leases We have entered into operating and finance lease agreements primarily for data centers, land, and offices throughout the world with varying lease terms. Components of lease costs were as follows (in millions): Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows (in millions): 72. Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows (in millions): (1) Financing cash flows used for financing leases are included within financing activities of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as repayments of debt. Future lease payments as of December 31, 2024 were as follows (in millions): As of December 31, 2024 , we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with short-term and long-term future lease payments of $ 773 million and $ 6.5 billion, respectively, that are not yet recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2025 and 2028 with non-cancelable lease terms between one and 25 years. Note 5. Variable Interest Entities Consolidated VIEs 73. We consolidate VIEs in which we hold a variable interest and are the primary beneficiary. The results of operations and financial position of these VIEs are included in our consolidated financial statements. For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available to us, and their creditors do not have recourse to us. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, assets that can only be used to settle obligations of these VIEs were $ 4.9 billion and $ 8.7 billion, respectively and are primarily included in cash and cash equivalents on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, liabilities for which creditors only have recourse to the VIEs were $ 2.5 billion and $ 2.3 billion, respectively. We may continue to fund ongoing operations of certain VIEs that are included within Other Bets. Waymo, a fully autonomous driving technology company and a consolidated VIE, received $ 5.6 billion in funding during the year ended December 31, 2024, the majority of which was funded by Alphabet. Investments from external parties were accounted for as equity transactions and resulted in recognition of noncontrolling interests. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, total noncontrolling interests (NCI) in our consolidated subsidiaries were $ 3.4 billion and $ 4.2 billion, respectively, of which $ 1.1 billion was redeemable noncontrolling interests (RNCI) for both periods. NCI and RNCI are included within additional paid-in capital. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was not material for any period presented and is included within the "other" component of OI&E. See Note 7 for further details on OI&E. Unconsolidated VIEs We have investments in VIEs in which we are not the primary beneficiary. These VIEs include private companies that are primarily early stage companies and certain renewable energy entities in which activities involve power generation using renewable sources. We have determined that the governance structures of these entities do not allow us to direct the activities that would significantly affect their economic performance. Therefore, we are not the primary beneficiary, and the results of operations and financial position of these VIEs are not included in our consolidated financial statements. We account for these investments primarily as non-marketable equity securities or equity method investments, which are included within non-marketable securities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The maximum exposure of these unconsolidated VIEs is generally based on the current carrying value of the investments and any future funding commitments. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, our future funding commitments related to unconsolidated VIE investments were $ 1.7 billion and $ 1.5 billion, respectively. Note 6. Debt Short-Term Debt We have a debt financing program of up to $ 10.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. We had no c ommercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and $ 2.3 billion of commercial paper outstanding with a weighted-average effective interest rate of 4.4 % as of December 31, 2024 .The estimated fair value of the commercial paper approximated its carrying value as of December 31, 2024 Our short-term debt balance also includes the current portion of certain long-term debt. Long-Term Debt Total outstanding long-term debt is summarized below (in millions, except percentages): 74. (1) Total current portion of long-term debt is included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities. See Note 7 for further details. The notes in the table above are fixed-rate senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with each other. We may redeem the notes at any time in whole or in part at specified redemption prices. The effective interest rates are based on proceeds received with interest payable semi-annually. The total estimated fair value of the outstanding notes was approximately $ 10.3 billion and $ 9.0 billion as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The fair value was determined based on observable market prices of identical instruments in less active markets and is categorized accordingly as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2024, the future principal payments for long-term debt were as follows (in millions): Credit Facility As of December 31, 2024, we had $ 10.0 billion of revolving credit facilities, of which $ 4.0 billion expires in April 2025 and $ 6.0 billion expires in April 2028. The interest rates for all credit facilities are determined based on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement of certain sustainability goa ls. No amounts were outstanding under the credit facilities as of December 31, 2023 and 2024. Note 7. Supplemental Financial Statement Information Accounts Receivable The allowance for credit losses on accounts receivable was $ 771 million and $ 879 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment, net, consisted of the following (in millions): Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in millions): 75. (1) The amounts related to the EC fines, including any under appeal, are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts include the effects of foreign exchange and interest. In the third quarter of 2024 we made a cash payment of $ 3.0 billion for the 2017 EC shopping fine. See Note 10 for further details. (2) Additional property and equipment purchases of $ 2.8 billion and $ 3.2 billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively, were included in accounts payable. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components of AOCI, net of income tax, were as follows (in millions): The effects on net income of amounts reclassified from AOCI were as follows (in millions): 76. Other Income (Expense), Net Components of OI&E were as follows (in millions): (1) Interest expense is net of interest capitalized of $ 128 million, $ 181 million, and $ 194 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, respectively. Note 8. Business Combinations character.ai In accordance with the accounting requirements under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805, for the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded $ 2.7 billion of goodwill and $ 413 million of intangible assets resulting from a transaction with character.ai (“Character”). In August 2024, we entered into a license agreement with Character pursuant to which we obtained a non-exclusive license to its then current large language model technology. We paid Character $ 2.7 billion in cash and canceled our convertible instruments. We also hired certain employees of Character. Goodwill was recorded in Google Services and Google Cloud and is deductible for tax purposes. Note 9. Goodwill Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 were as follows (in millions): 77. Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments We have content licensing agreements with future fixed or minimum guaranteed commitments of $ 8.8 billion as of December 31, 2024, of which the majority is paid quarterly through the first quarter of 2030. Indemnifications In the normal course of business, including to facilitate transactions in our services and products and corporate activities, we indemnify certain parties, including advertisers, Google Network partners, distribution partners, customers of Google Cloud offerings, lessors, and service providers with respect to certain matters. We have agreed to defend and/or hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or out of intellectual property infringement or other claims made against certain parties. Several of these agreements limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations to our agents. It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Additionally, the payments we have made under such agreements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. However, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. As of December 31, 2024, we did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible. Legal Matters We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. We evaluate developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments as appropriate. Certain outstanding matters seek speculative, substantial or indeterminate monetary amounts, substantial changes to our business practices and products, or structural remedies. Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being a loss and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters, and we may be unable to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of losses. The outcomes of outstanding legal matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, and could, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect. We expense legal fees in the period in which they are incurred. Antitrust Matters We are subject to formal and informal inquiries and investigations as well as litigation on various competition matters by regulatory authorities and private parties in the U.S., Europe, and other jurisdictions globally, including the following: • Shopping: In June 2017, the EC announced its decision that certain actions taken by Google relating to its display and ranking of shopping search results and ads infringed European antitrust laws and imposed a € 2.4 billion fine. We appealed the EC decision and implemented product changes to bring shopping ads into 78. compliance with the EC's decision. In September 2024, the European Court of Justice rejected our appeal and upheld the € 2.4 billion fine. In the third quarter of 2024, we made a cash payment of $ 3.0 billion for the fine. • Android: In July 2018, the EC announced its decision that certain provisions in Google’s Android-related distribution agreements infringed European antitrust laws, imposed a € 4.3 billion fine, and directed the termination of the conduct at issue. We appealed the EC decision and implemented changes to certain of our Android distribution practices. In September 2022, the General Court affirmed the EC decision but reduced the fine from € 4.3 billion to € 4.1 billion. We subsequently appealed the General Court's affirmation of the EC decision with the European Court of Justice, which remains pending. In 2018, we recognized a charge of $ 5.1 billion for the fine, which we reduced by $ 217 million in 2022. • AdSense for Search: In March 2019, the EC announced its decision that certain provisions in Google's agreements with AdSense for Search partners infringed European antitrust laws, imposed a fine of € 1.5 billion, and directed actions related to AdSense for Search partners' agreements, which we implemented prior to the decision. In 2019, we recognized a charge of $ 1.7 billion for the fine and appealed the EC decision. In September 2024, the General Court overturned the EC decision and annulled the € 1.5 billion fine. The EC has appealed the General Court's decision with the European Court of Justice. • Search: In October 2020, the DOJ and a number of state Attorneys General filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws relating to Search and Search advertising. In August 2024, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia ruled that Google violated such U.S. antitrust laws. A separate proceeding is being held to determine remedies, the range of which vary widely. The DOJ has proposed a high level remedy framework, which includes alterations to our products and services and our business models and operations, including structural remedies, and/or our distribution arrangements, among other changes, some of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have filed our own remedies proposal ahead of a hearing on remedies in April 2025. We expect a decision likely in the second half of 2025, after which we intend to appeal. Further, in June 2022, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission and in October 2023, the Japanese Fair Trade Commission each opened an investigation into Search distribution practices. Given the nature of these matters, we cannot estimate a possible loss. • Advertising Technology: In December 2020, a number of state Attorneys General filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws as well as state deceptive trade laws relating to its advertising technology, and a trial is scheduled for March 2025. Additionally, in January 2023, the DOJ, along with a number of state Attorneys General, filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws relating to its advertising technology, and a number of additional state Attorneys General subsequently joined the lawsuit. The trial ended in September 2024, and we expect a decision in early 2025. Further, in June 2023, the EC issued a Statement of Objections informing Google of its preliminary view that Google violated European antitrust laws relating to its advertising technology, to which we responded. Given the nature of these matters, we cannot estimate a possible loss. • Google Play: In July 2021, a number of state Attorneys General filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California alleging that Google’s operation of Android and Google Play violated U.S. antitrust laws and state antitrust and consumer protection laws. In September 2023, we reached a settlement in principle with 50 state Attorneys General and three territories and recognized a charge. Final approval of the settlement remains pending before the court. In May 2024, we funded the settlement amount to an escrow agent. In December 2023, a California jury delivered a verdict in Epic Games v. Google finding that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws related to Google Play's business. Epic did not seek monetary damages. The presiding judge issued a remedies decision in October 2024, ordering a variety of alterations to our business models and operations and contractual agreements for Android and Google Play. We are appealing the verdict and the trial court judge temporarily paused the implementation of the remedies while the Court of Appeals considers our request to pause implementation of the remedies pending the duration of the appeal. Given the nature of this matter, we cannot estimate a possible loss. 79. • European Digital Markets Act: In March 2024, the EC opened two investigations regarding Google's compliance with certain provisions of EU's Digital Markets Act relating to Google Play and Search. Given the preliminary stages of this matter, we cannot estimate a possible loss. In addition to these proceedings, private individual and collective actions that overlap with claims pursued by regulatory authorities are pending in the U.S. and in several other jurisdictions. We believe we have strong arguments against these open claims and will defend ourselves vigorously. We continue to cooperate with federal and state regulators in the U.S., the EC, and other regulators around the world. Privacy Matters We are subject to a number of privacy-related laws and regulations, and we currently are party to a number of privacy investigations and lawsuits ongoing in multiple jurisdictions. For example, there are ongoing investigations and litigation in the U.S. and the EU, including those relating to our collection and use of location information, alleged violations of state biometric statutes, the choices we offer users, and advertising practices, which could result in significant fines, judgments, and product changes. Patent and Intellectual Property Claims We have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products, services, and technologies infringe others' intellectual property rights. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services. As a result, we may have to change our business practices and develop non-infringing products or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenues for us and otherwise harm our business. In addition, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) has increasingly become an important forum to litigate intellectual property disputes because an ultimate loss in an ITC action can result in a prohibition on importing infringing products into the U.S. Because the U.S. is an important market, a prohibition on importation could have an adverse effect on us, including preventing us from importing many important products into the U.S. or necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features of our products. Further, our customers and partners may discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely affect our business. Other We are subject to claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, other proceedings, and consent orders involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. For example, we periodically have data incidents that we report to relevant regulators as required by law. Such claims, consent orders, lawsuits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings could result in substantial fines and penalties, injunctive relief, ongoing monitoring and auditing obligations, changes to our products and services, alterations to our business models and operations, and collateral related civil litigation or other adverse consequences, all of which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We have ongoing legal matters relating to Russia. For example, some matters concern civil judgments that include compounding penalties imposed upon us in connection with disputes regarding the termination of accounts, including those of sanctioned parties. We do not expect these ongoing legal matters will have a material adverse effect. Non-Income Taxes We are under audit by various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-income tax audits primarily arises from disputes on the tax treatment and tax rate applied to the sale of our products and services in these jurisdictions and the tax treatment of certain employee benefits. We accrue non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. Due to the inherent complexity and uncertainty of these matters and judicial process in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome may be materially different from our expectations. See Note 14 for information regarding income tax contingencies. 80. Note 11. Stockholders' Equity Class A and Class B Common Stock and Class C Capital Stock Our Board of Directors has authorized three classes of stock, Class A and Class B common stock, and Class C capital stock. The rights of the holders of each class of our common and capital stock are identical, except with respect to voting. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes per share. Class C capital stock has no voting rights, except as required by applicable law. Shares of Class B common stock may be converted at any time at the option of the stockholder and automatically convert upon sale or transfer to Class A common stock. Share Repurchases In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024 , we continued to repurchase both Class A and Class C shares in a manner deemed in the best interest of the company and its stockholders, taking into account the economic cost and prevailing market conditions, including the relative trading prices and volumes of the Class A and Class C shares. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, we repurchased $ 59.3 billion, $ 62.2 billion, and $ 62.0 billion, respectively, of Alphabet's Class A and Class C shares. In April 2024, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional $ 70.0 billion of its Class A and Class C shares. As of December 31, 2024, $ 44.7 billion remained available for Class A and Class C share repurchases. The following table presents Class A and Class C shares repurchased and subsequently retired (in millions): (1) Shares repurchased include unsettled repurchases. Repurchases are executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. Dividends During the year ended December 31, 2024, total cash dividends, which were first paid in June 2024, were $ 3.5 billion, $ 519 million, and $ 3.3 billion for Class A, Class B, and Class C shares, respectively. The company intends to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, subject to review and approval by the company’s Board of Directors in its sole discretion. Note 12. Net Income Per Share We compute net income per share of Class A, Class B, and Class C stock using the two-class method. Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares and the effect of potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consist of RSUs and other contingently issuable shares. The dilutive effect of outstanding RSUs and other contingently issuable shares is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. The computation of the diluted net income per share of Class A stock assumes the conversion of Class B stock, while the diluted net income per share of Class B stock does not assume the conversion of those shares. In accordance with our certificate of incorporation, the rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, of the holders of our Class A, Class B, and Class C stock are identical, except with respect to voting. Furthermore, there are a number of safeguards built into our certificate of incorporation, as well as Delaware law, which preclude our Board of Directors from declaring or paying unequal per share dividends on our Class A, Class B, and Class C stock. Specifically, Delaware law provides that amendments to our certificate of incorporation which would have the effect of adversely altering the rights, powers, or preferences of a given class of stock must be approved by the class of stock adversely affected by the proposed amendment. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that before any such amendment may be put to a stockholder vote, it must be approved by the unanimous consent of our Board of Directors. 81. Immaterial differences in net income per share across our Class A, Class B, and Class C shares may arise due to the allocation of distributed earnings, which is based on the holders as of the record date, compared with the allocation of undistributed earnings and number of shares, which is based on the weighted average shares outstanding over the periods. The following tables set forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share of Class A, Class B, and Class C stock (in millions, except per share amounts): (1) Not applicable for consolidated net income per share. 82. (1) Not applicable for consolidated net income per share. (1) Not applicable for consolidated net income per share. 83. Note 13. Compensation Plans Stock Plans Our stock plans include the Alphabet Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Plan ("Alphabet 2021 Stock Plan") and Other Bets stock-based plans. Under our stock plans, RSUs and other types of awards may be granted. Under the Alphabet 2021 Stock Plan, an RSU award is an agreement to issue shares of our Class C stock at the time the award vests. RSUs generally vest over four years contingent upon employment on the vesting date. RSUs are awarded dividend equivalents, which are subject to the same vesting conditions as the underlying award, and settled in Class C shares. As of December 31, 2024, there were 633 million shares of Class C stock reserved for future issuance under the Alphabet 2021 Stock Plan. Stock-Based Compensation For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, total SBC expense was $ 19.5 billion, $ 22.1 billion, and $ 22.8 billion, including amounts associated with awards we expect to settle in Alphabet stock of $ 18.8 billion, $ 21.7 billion, and $ 22.0 billion, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, we recognized tax benefits on total SBC expense, which are reflected in the provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Income, of $ 3.9 billion, $ 4.5 billion, and $ 4.6 billion, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, tax benefit realized related to awards vested or exercised during the period was $ 4.7 billion, $ 5.6 billion, and $ 6.8 billion, respectively. These amounts do not include the indirect effects of stock-based awards, which primarily relate to the R&D tax credit. Stock-Based Award Activities The following table summarizes the activities for unvested Alphabet RSUs, which include dividend equivalents awarded to holders of unvested stock, for the year ended December 31, 2024 (in millions, except per share amounts): The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 was $ 127.22 and $ 97.59 , respectively. Total fair value of RSUs, as of their respective vesting dates, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, were $ 23.9 billion, $ 26.6 billion, and $ 33.3 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, there was $ 34.8 billion of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.5 years. Note 14. Income Taxes Income from continuing operations before income taxes consisted of the following (in millions): 84. Provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in millions): The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to our effective income tax rate was as follows: In 2023, the IRS issued a rule change allowing taxpayers to temporarily apply the regulations in effect prior to 2022 related to U.S. federal foreign tax credits as well as a separate rule change with guidance on the capitalization and amortization of R&D expenses. A cumulative one-time adjustment for these tax rule changes was recorded in 2023. 85. Deferred Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in millions): As of December 31, 2024, our federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $ 8.4 billion, $ 19.4 billion, and $ 2.5 billion respectively. If not utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2025, foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2025 and the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2033. It is more likely than not that the majority of the net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized. The net operating loss carryforwards are subject to various annual limitations under the tax laws of the different jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2024 , our Federal and California research and development credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $ 700 million and $ 6.4 billion, respectively. If not utilized, the Federal R&D credit will begin to expire in 2037 and the California R&D credit can be carried over indefinitely. We believe the majority of the federal tax credit and state tax credit is not likely to be realized. As of December 31, 2024 , our investment tax credit carryforwards for state income tax purposes were approximately $ 1.2 billion and will begin to expire in 2030. We use the flow-through method of accounting for investment tax credits. We believe this tax credit is not likely to be realized. As of December 31, 2024, we maintained a valuation allowance with respect to California deferred tax assets, certain federal net operating losses, certain state net operating losses and tax credits, net deferred tax assets relating to Other Bet companies, and certain foreign net operating losses that we believe are not likely to be realized. We continue to reassess the remaining valuation allowance quarterly, and if future evidence allows for a partial or full release of the valuation allowance, a tax benefit will be recorded accordingly. Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds, was $ 18.9 billion, $ 19.2 billion, and $ 27.4 billion as of December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, respectively. 86. Uncertain Tax Positions The following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits (in millions): We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $ 7.1 billion, $ 9.4 billion, and $ 12.6 billion as of December 31, 2022 , 2023, and 2024, respectively, of which $ 5.3 billion, $ 7.4 billion, and $ 10.0 billion, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate, respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, we accrued $ 622 million and $ 1.1 billion in interest and penalties in provision for income taxes, respectively. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in many state and foreign jurisdictions. Our two major tax jurisdictions are the U.S. federal and Ireland. We are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. The IRS is currently examining our 2016 through 2021 tax returns. We have also received tax assessments in multiple foreign jurisdictions asserting transfer pricing adjustments or permanent establishment. We continue to defend such claims as presented. The tax years 2016 through 2023 remain subject to examination by the appropriate governmental agencies for Irish tax purposes. There are other ongoing audits in various other jurisdictions that are not material to our financial statements. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We continue to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the effect, if any, of the expected expiration of the statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions. We believe that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management's expectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolutions occur. Although the timing of resolution, settlement, and closure of audits is not certain, we do not believe it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits from certain U.S. federal, state, and non U.S. tax positions will materially change in the next 12 months. Note 15. Information about Segments and Geographic Areas We report our segment results as Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets: • Google Services includes products and services such as ads, Android, Chrome, devices, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, and YouTube. Google Services generates revenues primarily from advertising; fees received for consumer subscription-based products such as YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, as well as Google One; the sale of apps and in-app purchases; and devices. • Google Cloud includes infrastructure and platform services, applications, and other services for enterprise customers. Google Cloud generates revenues primarily from consumption-based fees and subscriptions received for Google Cloud Platform services, Google Workspace communication and collaboration tools, and other enterprise services. • Other Bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Revenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale of healthcare-related services and internet services. Revenues, certain costs, such as costs associated with content and traffic acquisition, certain engineering activities, and devices, as well as certain operating expenses are directly attributable to our segments. Due to the integrated nature of Alphabet, other costs and expenses, such as technical infrastructure and office facilities, are managed centrally at a consolidated level. These costs, including the associated depreciation, are allocated to operating segments as a service cost generally based on usage, headcount, or revenue. 87. As announced in April 2024, we consolidated teams that focus on building general AI models across Google Research and Google DeepMind to further accelerate our progress in AI. General AI model development teams previously under Google Research in our Google Services segment are reported within Alphabet-level activities prospectively beginning in the second quarter of 2024. As further announced, in October 2024, the Gemini app team that is developing the direct consumer interface to our Gemini models joined Google DeepMind. The costs associated with the Gemini app team continue to be reported within our Google Services segment. Certain costs are not allocated to our segments because they represent Alphabet-level activities. These costs primarily include certain AI-focused shared R&D activities, including development costs of our general AI models; corporate initiatives such as our philanthropic activities; corporate shared costs such as certain finance, human resource, and legal costs, including certain fines and settlements. Charges associated with employee severance and office space reductions during 2023 and 2024 were also not allocated to our segments. Additionally, hedging gains (losses) related to revenue are not allocated to our segments. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is our Chief Executive Officer, Sundar Pichai. Our CODM uses segment operating income (loss) to allocate resources to our segments in our annual planning process and to assess the performance of our segments, primarily by monitoring actual results versus the annual plan. Our operating segments are not evaluated using asset information. The following table presents revenue, profitability, and expense information about our segments (in millions): Google Services and Google Cloud employee compensation expenses include the costs associated with direct and allocated employees. Google Services and Google Cloud other costs and expenses primarily include direct costs, such as advertising and promotional activities and third party services fees as well as allocated costs, such as technical infrastructure and office facilities usage costs. Additionally, Google Services other costs and expenses include content and traffic acquisition costs and device costs. See Note 2 for information relating to revenues by geography. 88. The following table presents long-lived assets by geographic area, which includes property and equipment, net and operating lease assets (in millions): Note 16. Subsequent Event In January 2025, we recognized an $ 8.0 billion unrealized gain on our non-marketable equity securities related to our investment in a private company. The unrealized gain reflects an increase in the fair value measurement of our investment following an observable transaction in January 2025. See Note 3 and Note 7 for further details on equity investments and OI&E. 89. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2024 , our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with our Audit and Compliance Committee. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the quarter ended December 31, 2024, each of the following Section 16 director and officer adopted , modified, or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act): • John Hennessy , Chair of the Board of Directors of Alphabet, through the John L. Hennessy & Andrea J. Hennessy Revocable Trust adopted a trading plan on November 5, 2024 (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for March 13, 2025). The trading plan will be effective until March 13, 2026 to sell 6,000 shares of Class C Capital Stock and 1,200 shares of Class A Common Stock. • Sundar Pichai , Chief Executive Officer , together with the Pichai Family Foundation, adopted a trading plan on December 2, 2024 (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for April 2, 2025). The trading plan will be effective until April 18, 2026 to sell an aggregate of 876,000 shares of Class C Capital Stock. There were no "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements" (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) adopted, modified, or terminated during the quarter ended December 31, 2024 by our directors and Section 16 officers. Each of the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements are in accordance with our Policy Against Insider 90. Trading and actual sale transactions made pursuant to such trading arrangements will be disclosed publicly in Section 16 filings with the SEC in accordance with applicable securities laws, rules, and regulations. Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers On April 16, 2024, the Leadership Development, Inclusion and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Alphabet approved the accrual of dividend equivalent units to current and future holders of all unvested stock units in connection with any regular cash dividend that may be declared by the Board of Directors of Alphabet from time to time. As stock units are not outs tanding shares of stock and thus would not otherwise be entitled to participate in any dividends, the crediting of dividend equivalent units is intended to preserve the equity-based incentives intended by the company when the stock units were granted and to treat the holders of unvested stock units consistently with all stockholders. Required Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act As previously disclosed, Google LLC, a subsidiary of Alphabet, filed notifications with the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) pursuant to Russian encryption control requirements, which must be complied with prior to the import of covered items. The information provided pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act in Part II, Item 5 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 91. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this item will be included under the caption “Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance” in our Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (2025 Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by this item regarding delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K will be included under the caption “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports” in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of securities of Alphabet by directors, officers, and employees that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and applicable Nasdaq listing standards. Our insider trading policy states, among other things, that our directors, officers, and employees are prohibited from trading in such securities while in possession of material, nonpublic information. The foregoing summary of our insider trading policies and procedures does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to our Policy Against Insider Trading filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this item will be included under the captions “Director Compensation,” “Executive Compensation” and “Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference, except as to information disclosed therein pursuant to Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K relating to pay versus performance. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this item will be included under the captions “Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this item will be included under the captions “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Director Independence” in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this item will be included under the caption “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 92. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 2. Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts The table below details the activity of the allowance for credit losses and sales credits for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024 (in millions): All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is otherwise included. 3. Exhibits 93. 94. 95. _________________ ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 96. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 4, 2025 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Sundar Pichai and Anat Ashkenazi, jointly and severally, his or her attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 97. 98.