Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and affect the trading price of our Class A and Class C stock. For additional information about the ongoing material legal proceedings to which we are subject, see Legal Proceedings in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table presents information with respect to Alphabet's repurchases of Class A and Class C stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2025. (1) Repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. For additional information related to share repurchases, see Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the quarter ended September 30, 2025, the following Section 16 director adopted, modified, or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act). • Frances Arnold , a member of the Board of Directors of Alphabet, adopted a trading plan on August 21, 2025 (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for December 1, 2025). The trading plan will be effective until July 13, 2027 to sell 50% of the (net) shares resulting from the vesting of approximately 3,357 (gross) shares of Class C Capital Stock (excluding the dividend equivalent units), in addition to 50% of the (net) shares of any future grants awarded during the term of the plan (in each case, net shares are net of tax withholding). There were no “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) adopted , modified, or terminated during the quarter ended September 30, 2025 by our directors and Section 16 officers. Required Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act During the quarter ended September 30, 2025, Google LLC, a subsidiary of Alphabet, filed a notification with the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) pursuant to Russian encryption control requirements, which must be complied with prior to the import of covered items. Neither we nor our subsidiaries generated any gross revenues or 52 net profits directly from such activity and neither we nor our subsidiaries sell to the FSB. In the ordinary course of its business, Alphabet expects that Google LLC will continue to file these notifications as required under Russian law. 53 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS __________________________ 54 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 55