We have provided updated Risk Factors in the section labeled “Risk Factors” in “Part I, Item 2, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We do not believe those updates have materially changed the type or magnitude of the risks we face in comparison to the disclosure provided in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our purchases of our common stock in the second quarter of fiscal 2024 were: (1) Average Price Paid Per Share excludes cash paid for commissions. (2) On October 12, 2021, we announced a $10.0 billion stock repurchase program. The stock repurchase program has no expiration date . Shares withheld to satisfy statutory tax withholding requirements related to the vesting of share-based awards are not issued or considered stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program and, therefore, are excluded from the table above. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities In connection with our acquisition of NuVia, Inc. (Nuvia), which closed in March 2021, we are obligated to issue shares of our common stock to three specific founders of Nuvia and certain affiliated entities of such founders from time to time upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. During the quarter ended March 24, 2024, we issued an aggregate of 198,462 additional shares of our common stock to the founders of Nuvia and their affiliates, each of whom had advised us that he or such entity was an accredited investor. These shares were issued in transactions not involving a public offering pursuant to the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES Not applicable. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION On February 7, 2024 , Alex Rogers , our President, QTL and Global Affairs , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K) providing for the sale of an aggregate of (i) 13,373 shares of our common stock plus (ii) 90% of the net shares issued to Mr. Rogers upon the vesting of equity awards representing 83,280 shares of our common stock (assuming that any shares underlying performance stock units vest at target amounts), including accrued dividend-equivalent shares and excluding any shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the settlement of such equity awards. Trades under the plan are scheduled to commence in calendar 2025, and the plan is scheduled to terminate on December 31, 2026. 48 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS (1) Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 49 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 50