OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in “Part I, Item 1” of this Quarterly Report and with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2021 contained in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Quarterly Report (including but not limited to this section titled Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) contains forward-looking statements. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as our future business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or research and development or technology investments; new or enhanced products, services or technologies; emerging industries or business models; design wins or product launches; industry, market, business, product, technology, commercial, competitive or consumer trends, including seasonality; the 5G transition; our expectations regarding future demand or supply conditions; strategic investments or acquisitions, and the anticipated timing or benefits thereof; potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, legal or regulatory matters, U.S./China trade or national security tensions or vertical integration by our customers; competition; and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are also forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report reflect our good faith judgment, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report . Readers are ur ged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Quarterly Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Overview and Other Recent Events Revenues for the second quarter of fiscal 2022 were $11.2 billion, an increase of 41% compared to the year ago quarter, with net income of $2.9 billion, an increase of 67% compared to the year ago quarter. Highlights from the second quarter of fiscal 2022 and other recent events included: • QCT revenues increased by 52% in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 compared to the year ago quarter, primarily due to an increase in average selling prices and favorable mix toward higher-tier 5G products in handsets, along with higher IoT revenues. • On October 4, 2021, we and SSW Partners entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Veoneer, Inc. (Veoneer). The transaction closed on April 1, 2022. We funded substantially all of the total cash consideration payable in the transaction, which was approximately $4.7 billion (inclusive of approximately $4.6 billion for amounts paid in respect of Veoneer’s outstanding capital stock and equity awards and amounts to be paid to settle Veoneer’s outstanding convertible senior notes due 2024; and the $110 million termination fee paid to Magna in the first quarter of fiscal 2022), in exchange for (i) the Arriver business and (ii) the right to receive a majority of the proceeds upon the sale of the Non-Arriver businesses by SSW Partners. We intend to incorporate Arriver’s computer vision, drive policy and driver assistance technologies into our Snapdragon automotive platform to deliver an integrated software SoC ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems) platform for automakers and Tier-1 automotive suppliers. SSW Partners retained Veoneer’s Tier-1 automotive supplier businesses, which it intends to sell in one or more transactions. We will consolidate the Non-Arriver businesses starting from the Closing Date until such businesses are sold by SSW Partners. Additional information related to this acquisition is included in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7. Acquisitions.” Our Business and Operating Segments We develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. 21 We are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments. We conduct business primarily through our QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) semiconductor business and our QTL (Qualcomm Technology Licensing) licensing business. Our QSI (Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives) reportable segment makes strategic investments. We also have nonreportable segments, including QGOV (Qualcomm Government Technologies), our cloud AI inference processing initiative and other technology and service initiatives. Our reportable segments are operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. QTL is operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated, which owns the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Substantially all of our products and services businesses, including QCT, and substantially all of our engineering and research and development functions, are operated by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (QTI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of QUALCOMM Incorporated, and QTI’s subsidiaries. Neither QTI nor any of its subsidiaries has any right, power or authority to grant any licenses or other rights under or to any patents owned by QUALCOMM Incorporated. Seasonality. Many of our products and much of our intellectual property are incorporated into consumer wireless devices, which are subject to seasonality and other fluctuations in demand. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles (such as the transition to the next generation of wireless technologies). This has resulted in fluctuations in QCT revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products and in QTL revenues when licensees’ sales occur. These trends may or may not continue in the future. Further, the trends for QTL have been, and may in the future be, impacted by disputes and/or resolutions with licensees and/or governmental investigations or proceedings. Results of Operations Second quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in revenues in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $3.2 billion in higher equipment and services revenues from our QCT segment First six months 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in revenues in the first six months of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $5.4 billion in higher equipment and services revenues and $158 million in higher licensing revenues from our QCT segment + $125 million in higher licensing revenues from our QTL segment Second quarter and first six months 2022 vs. 2021 Gross margin percentage increased in the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2022 primarily due to: + increase in QCT gross margin - decrease in higher margin QTL licensing revenues in proportion to QCT revenues 22 Second quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in research and development expenses in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $233 million increase driven by higher costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies (including 5G and application processor technologies), primarily driven by an increase in employee-related expenses + $65 million increase in share-based compensation expense - $44 million decrease in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation plan obligation on lower relative stock market performance (which resulted in a corresponding increase in net losses on deferred compensation plan assets within investment and other income, net due to the revaluation of the related assets) First six months 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in research and development expenses in the first six months of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $430 million increase driven by higher costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies (including 5G and application processor technologies), primarily driven by an increase in employee-related expenses + $156 million increase in share-based compensation expense - $55 million decrease in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation plan obligation on lower relative stock market performance Second quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to a $27 million increase in employee-related expenses. First six months 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in the first six months of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $91 million increase in employee-related expenses + $27 million increase in acquisition-related expenses + $23 million increase in sales and marketing expenses - $50 million decrease in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation plan obligation on lower relative stock market performance 23 Net losses on marketable securities for the three and six months ended March 27, 2022 was primarily driven by the change in fair value of certain of our QSI marketable equity investments in early or growth stage companies. The fair values of these investments have been and may continue to be subject to increased volatility. Net gains on other investments for the three and six months ended March 28, 2021 was driven primarily by realized gains resulting from the sale of certain of our QSI non-marketable investments. Income Tax Expense (in millions, except percentages) The following table summarizes the primary factors that caused our income tax provision to differ from the expected income tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory rate: We estimate our annual effective income tax rate to be 14% for fiscal 2022, which is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to a significant portion of our income qualifying for preferential treatment as FDII at a 13% effective tax rate, excess tax benefits associated with share-based awards and benefits from our federal research and development tax credit. 24 Pursuant to U.S. tax law, beginning in fiscal 2023, we are required to capitalize and amortize domestic research and development expenditures over five years and foreign research and development expenditures over fifteen years (currently, such expenditures are deducted as incurred). If this requirement is not delayed or repealed, our cash flows from operations will be adversely affected due to significantly higher cash tax payments. However, since the resulting deferred tax asset will be established at the statutory rate of 21% (rather than the effective tax rate of 13% to 16% after considering FDII), capitalization will favorably affect our provision for income taxes and results of operations. The adverse cash flow impact and favorable tax provision impact will diminish in future years as capitalized research and development expenditures continue to amortize. The current U.S. presidential administration and Congress have proposed to increase U.S. tax rates, including reducing the benefit of the FDII deduction. Substantially all of our income is taxable in the U.S., of which a significant portion qualifies for preferential treatment as FDII. If such proposals are enacted into law, our provision for income taxes, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely (potentially materially) affected. Segment Results The following should be read in conjunction with our financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2022 for each reportable segment included in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6. Segment Information.” QCT Segment (in millions, except percentages) (1) Includes revenues from products sold for use in mobile handsets, excluding RFFE (radio frequency front-end) components. (2) Includes all revenues from sales of 4G, 5G sub-6 and 5G millimeter wave RFFE products (a substantial portion of which are sold for use in mobile handsets) and excludes radio frequency transceiver components. (3) Includes revenues from products sold for use in automobiles, including telematics, connectivity and digital cockpit. (4) Primarily includes products sold for use in the following industries and applications: consumer (including computing, voice and music and XR), edge networking (including mobile broadband and wireless access points) and industrial (including handhelds, retail, transportation and logistics and utilities). (5) Earnings (loss) before income taxes. Substantially all of QCT’s revenues consist of equipment and services revenues, which were $9.4 billion and $6.2 billion in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively, and $18.0 billion and $12.6 billion in the first six months of fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. QCT handsets, automotive and IoT revenues mostly relate to sales of our Snapdragon platforms (which include processors and modems), stand-alone Mobile Data Modems, radio frequency transceiver, power management and wireless connectivity integrated chipsets. Second quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in QCT revenues in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + higher handsets revenues, primarily driven by $2.0 billion in higher revenues per chipset, which was primarily due to increases in average selling prices and favorable mix toward higher-tier 5G products, particularly from major OEMs as we gained additional share + higher RFFE revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for 4G/5G products from major OEMs + higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for digital cockpit products + higher IoT revenues across consumer, edge networking and industrial products, driven by a $373 million increase in demand, with the remaining increase of $278 million primarily due to favorable mix 25 QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 primarily due to: + higher revenues + higher gross margin percentage, primarily driven by higher average selling prices and favorable mix toward higher-tier 5G products, partially offset by higher product costs - higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher research and development expenses First six months 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in QCT revenues in the first six months of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + higher handsets revenues, primarily driven by $3.9 billion in higher revenues per chipset, which was primarily due to increases in average selling prices and favorable mix toward higher-tier 5G products, particularly from major OEMs as we gained additional share + higher RFFE revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for 4G/5G products from major OEMs + higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for digital cockpit products + higher IoT revenues across consumer, edge networking and industrial products, driven by a $554 million increase in demand, with the remaining increase of $530 million primarily due to favorable mix QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the first six months of fiscal 2022 primarily due to: + higher revenues + higher gross margin percentage, primarily driven by higher average selling prices and favorable mix toward higher-tier 5G products, partially offset by higher product costs - higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher research and development expenses QTL Segment (in millions, except percentages) Second quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The decrease in QTL licensing revenues in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 was due to: - $91 million decrease in estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products - $31 million in lower royalty revenues recognized related to devices sold in prior periods + $88 million increase in estimated revenues per unit, which was primarily driven by favorable mix, including 5G QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues decreased in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 primarily due to lower revenues. First six months 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in QTL licensing revenues in the first six months of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $197 million increase in estimated revenues per unit, which was primarily driven by favorable mix, including 5G - $66 million decrease in estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues remained flat in the first six months of fiscal 2022. QSI Segment (in millions) Second quarter and first six months 2022 vs. 2021 The decrease in QSI EBT in the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2022 was primarily du e to a $353 million and $389 million increase, respectively, in net losses on investments, which was primarily driven by the change in fair value of certain of our marketable equity investments in early or growth stage companies. The fair values of these investments have been and may continue to be subject to increased volatility. 26 Looking Forward In the coming years, we expect consumer demand for 3G/4G/5G multimode and 5G products and services to continue to ramp around the world as we continue to transition from 3G/4G multimode and 4G products and services. We believe that 5G will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long-term. As we look forward to the next several quarters, our business may be impacted by the following key items: • We expect QCT revenues to continue to be favorably impacted for the remainder of the fiscal year compared to the prior year, reflecting continued strength across handsets, RFFE, automotive and IoT revenue streams. • While we and the semiconductor industry continue to experience capacity constraints, we have entered into several, and we may enter into additional, multi-year capacity purchase commitments with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products in an effort to secure commitments for future supply, which we expect will allow us to continue to realize benefits from increased demand for integrated circuit products, particularly from higher-tier 5G products from major OEMs. Despite these realized benefits, there continues to be supply chain complexities and challenges that have prevented, and we expect will continue to prevent, us from securing supply to fully realize the benefits of increased customer demand. • We expect commercial 5G network deployments and device launches will continue . • We expect our research and development costs will increase compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased investment towards advancements in 5G and application processor technologies and certain other long-term initiatives, as well as an increase in share-based compensation expense. • We expect continued intense competition, particularly in China. • Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects and results of operations. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, including the Risk Factor titled “ A significant portion of our business is concentrated in China, and the risks of such concentration are exacerbated by U.S./China trade and national security tensions. ” The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, specifically the Risk Factor titled “ The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and may continue to impact us in the future.” Further, we currently do not expect a significant impact on our results of operations in the future due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, as we have minimal business in Russia and Ukraine, both directly and indirectly. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, specifically the Risk Factor titled “ We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry, which is subject to significant downturns. We are also susceptible to declines in global, regional and local economic conditions generally. Our stock price and financial results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations due to these dynamics, among others.” In addition to the foregoing business and market-based matters, we continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and not welcome the success of our licensing program in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies and/or governments or regulators may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Further discussion of risks related to our business is provided in the section titled “Risk Factors” included in this Quarterly Report. 27 Liquidity and Capital Resources Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations and cash provided by our debt programs. The following tables present selected financial information related to our liquidity at March 27, 2022 and September 26, 2021 and for the first six months of fiscal 2022 and 2021 (in millions): Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was primarily due to $2.1 billion in payments to repurchase shares of our common stock, $1.5 billion in cash dividends paid, $1.1 billion in capital expenditures, $562 million in payments of tax withholdings related to the vesting of share-based awards and $288 million in cash p aid for acquisitions and other investments. This was partially offset by net cash provided by operating activities, which was negatively impacted by advanced payments of $1.6 billion ma de to suppliers of our integrated circuit products under certain multi-year capacity commitme nts, as well as $1.6 billion of net changes in other operating assets and liabilities, consisting of increased working capital requirements, including higher inventory and related operating liabilities to support QCT demand, an increase in accounts receivable as a result of higher revenues (net of an increase in amounts accrued for customer incentive arrangements recorded as a reduction to accounts receivable) and the timing of payments related to payroll, benefits and other liabilities. We currently expect our working capital requirements to increase in the near term to support QCT demand. Capital Return Program. On October 12, 2021, we announced a new $10.0 billion stock repurchase program. This was in addition to the then remaining authority of $0.9 billion under the previous program. The stock repurchase programs have no expiration date. During the second quarter of fiscal 2022, we utilized the remaining repurchase authority under the previous program and began repurchases under the new program. In the first six months of fiscal 2022, we repurchased and retired 14 million shares of our common stock for $2.1 billion, before commissions. At March 27, 2022, $9.1 billion remained authorized for repurchase under our stock repurchase program. Our stock repurchase program is subject to periodic evaluations to determine when and if repurchases are in the best interests of our stockholders, and we may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue repurchases at any time. On March 9, 2022, we announced a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend per share of common stock from $0.68 to $0.75, which is effective for dividends payable after March 24, 2022. In the first six months of fiscal 2022, we paid cash dividends totaling $1.5 billion, or $1.36 per share. On April 13, 2022, we announced a cash dividend of $0.75 per share on our common stock, payable on June 23, 2022 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on June 2, 2022. We currently intend to continue to use cash dividends as a means of returning capital to stockholders, subject to capital availability and our view that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders, among other factors. Debt. At March 27, 2022, we had $15.5 billion of principal floating- and fixed-rate notes outstanding, $1.5 billion of which matures in May 2022 and $1.5 billion of which matures in January 2023. The remaining debt has maturity dates in 2024 through 2050. We have an unsecured commercial paper program, which provides for the issuance of up to $4.5 billion of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. At March 27, 2022, we had $500 million of commercial paper outstanding. We also have a Revolving Credit Facility, which provides for unsecured revolving facility loans, swing line loans and letters of credit in an aggregate amount of up to $4.5 billion, which expires on December 8, 2025. At March 27, 2022, no amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. We expect to issue debt in the future. The amount and timing of such debt will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to maturities of our existing debt, acquisitions and strategic investments, favorable and/or acceptable interest rates and changes in corporate income tax law. Additional information regarding our outstanding debt is provided in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6. Debt” in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items.” 28 Income Taxes. Pursuant to U.S. tax law, beginning in fiscal 2023, we are required to capitalize and amortize domestic research and development expenditures over five years and foreign research and development expenditures over fifteen years (currently, such expenditures are deducted as incurred). If this requirement is not delayed or repealed, our cash flows from operations will be adversely affected due to significantly higher cash tax payments. Additional information regarding our income taxes is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 3. Income Taxes.” Acquisitions. In October 2021, we and SSW Partners entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Veoneer. The transaction closed on April 1, 2022, and we funded substantially all of the total cash consideration of approximately $4.7 billion (inclusive of approximately $4.6 billion for amounts paid in respect of Veoneer’s outstanding capital stock and equity awards and amounts to be paid to settle Veoneer’s outstanding convertible senior notes due 2024; and the $110 million termination fee paid to Magna in the first quarter of fiscal 2022). We have the right to receive a majority of the proceeds upon the sale of the Non-Arriver businesses by SSW Partners, and we have agreed to provide certain funding of approximately $300 million to the Non-Arriver businesses while SSW Partners seeks a buyer(s). Additional information related to this acquisition is included in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7. Acquisitions.” We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly, to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio or pursue new businesses. Long-term Capacity Commitments. We have entered into several, and we may enter into additional, multi-year capacity purchase commitments with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products. In the first six months of fiscal 2022, we made $1.6 billion in advance payments related to certain obligations under these purchase agreements, which were included within other assets and other current assets at March 27, 2022. Additional information regarding long-term capacity commitments and other purchase obligations is provided in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies” in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional Capital Requirements. Expected working and other capital requirements are described in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K in “