OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in “Part I, Item 1” of this Quarterly Report and with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2021 contained in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Quarterly Report (including but not limited to this section titled Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) contains forward-looking statements. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as our future business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or research and development or technology investments; new or enhanced products, services or technologies; emerging industries or business models; design wins or product launches; industry, market, business, product, technology, commercial, competitive or consumer trends, including seasonality; the 5G transition; our expectations regarding future demand or supply conditions; strategic investments or acquisitions, and the anticipated timing or benefits thereof; potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, legal or regulatory matters, U.S./China trade or national security tensions or vertical integration by our customers; competition; and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are also forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report reflect our good faith judgment, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report . Readers are ur ged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Quarterly Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Overview Revenues for the first quarter of fiscal 2022 were $10.7 billion, an increase of 30% compared to the year ago quarter, with net income of $3.4 billion, an increase of 38% compared to the year ago quarter. Highlights from the first quarter of fiscal 2022 included: • QCT revenues increased by 35% in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 compared to the year ago quarter, primarily due to an increase in average selling prices and favorable mix toward higher-tier 5G products in handsets, in part reflecting demand from certain Chinese OEMs as they continue to gain device share, along with higher IoT revenues. • QTL revenues increased by 10% in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 compared to the year ago quarter, primarily due to higher estimated revenues per unit, which was primarily driven by favorable mix, including 5G. • On October 4, 2021, we and SSW Partners, a New York-based investment partnership, entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Veoneer, Inc. (Veoneer) for $37.00 per share in cash, which values the estimated total cash consideration to be paid to Veoneer’s shareholders, inclusive of amounts expected to be paid at closing for Veoneer’s outstanding equity awards and convertible senior notes due 2024, at approximately $4.5 billion. At closing, SSW Partners will acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of Veoneer, shortly after which it will sell Veoneer’s Arriver business to Qualcomm and retain Veoneer’s Tier-1 automotive supplier businesses. Following close of the Arriver business sale, we intend to incorporate Arriver’s computer vision, drive policy and driver assistance technologies into our Snapdragon automotive platform to deliver an ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems) platform for automakers and Tier-1 automotive suppliers. The acquisition is expected to close in 2022, subject to certain closing conditions . Our Business and Operating Segments We develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. 21 We are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments. We conduct business primarily through our QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) semiconductor business and our QTL (Qualcomm Technology Licensing) licensing business. Our QSI (Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives) reportable segment makes strategic investments. We also have nonreportable segments, including QGOV (Qualcomm Government Technologies), our cloud AI inference processing initiative and other technology and service initiatives. Our reportable segments are operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. QTL is operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated, which owns the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Substantially all of our products and services businesses, including QCT, and substantially all of our engineering and research and development functions, are operated by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (QTI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of QUALCOMM Incorporated, and QTI’s subsidiaries. Neither QTI nor any of its subsidiaries has any right, power or authority to grant any licenses or other rights under or to any patents owned by QUALCOMM Incorporated. Seasonality. Many of our products and much of our intellectual property are incorporated into consumer wireless devices, which are subject to seasonality and other fluctuations in demand. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles (such as the transition to the next generation of wireless technologies). This has resulted in fluctuations in QCT revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products and in QTL revenues when licensees’ sales occur. These trends may or may not continue in the future. Further, the trends for QTL have been, and may in the future be, impacted by disputes and/or resolutions with licensees and/or governmental investigations or proceedings. Results of Operations First quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $2.2 billion in higher equipment and services revenues from our QCT segment + $158 million in higher licensing revenues from our QTL segment First quarter 2022 vs. 2021 Gross margin percentage increased in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 primarily due to: + increase in QCT gross margin - decrease in higher margin QTL licensing revenues in proportion to QCT revenues 22 First quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in research and development expenses in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $197 million increase driven by higher costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies (including 5G and application processor technologies), primarily driven by an increase in employee-related expenses + $91 million increase in share-based compensation expense First quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $69 million increase in employee-related expenses - $29 million decrease in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation obligation on lower relative stock market performance (which resulted in a corresponding decrease in net gains on deferred compensation plan assets within investment and other income, net due to the revaluation of the related assets) 23 Income Tax Expense (in millions, except percentages) The following table summarizes the primary factors that caused our income tax provision to differ from the expected income tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory rate: We estimate our annual effective income tax rate to be 14% for fiscal 2022, which is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to a significant portion of our income qualifying for preferential treatment as FDII at a 13% effective tax rate, excess tax benefits associated with share-based awards and benefits from our federal research and development tax credit. The current U.S. presidential administration and Congress have proposed to increase U.S. tax rates and/or eliminate or reduce the FDII deduction. Substantially all of our income is taxable in the U.S., of which a significant portion qualifies for preferential treatment as FDII. If such proposals are enacted into law, our provision for income taxes, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely (potentially materially) affected. Segment Results The following should be read in conjunction with our financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2022 for each reportable segment included in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6. Segment Information.” QCT Segment (in millions, except percentages) (1) Includes revenues from products sold for use in mobile handsets, excluding RFFE (radio frequency front-end) components. (2) Includes all revenues from sales of 4G, 5G sub-6 and 5G millimeter wave RFFE products (a substantial portion of which are sold for use in mobile handsets) and excludes radio frequency transceiver components. (3) Includes revenues from products sold for use in automobiles, including telematics, connectivity and digital cockpit. (4) Primarily includes products sold for use in the following industries and applications: consumer (including computing, voice and music and XR), edge networking (including mobile broadband and wireless access points) and industrial (including handhelds, retail, transportation and logistics and utilities). (5) Earnings (loss) before income taxes. Substantially all of QCT’s revenues consist of equipment and services revenues, which were $8.6 billion and $6.4 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. QCT handsets, automotive and IoT revenues mostly relate to sales of 24 our Snapdragon platforms (which include processors and modems), stand-alone Mobile Data Modems, radio frequency transceiver, power management and wireless connectivity integrated chipsets. First quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in QCT revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + higher handsets revenues, primarily driven by $1.9 billion in higher revenues per chipset, which was primarily due to increases in average selling prices and favorable mix toward higher-tier 5G products, particularly from certain Chinese OEMs as they continue to gain device share + higher RFFE revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for 4G/5G products from major OEMs + higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for digital cockpit products + higher IoT revenues, primarily driven by a $245 million increase in revenues per unit due to an increase in average selling prices and favorable mix primarily in consumer products and a $187 million increase in demand across edge networking and industrial products QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 primarily due to: + higher revenues + higher gross margin percentage, primarily driven by higher average selling prices and favorable mix due to an increase in demand for 5G products, partially offset by higher product costs - higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher research and development expenses QTL Segment (in millions, except percentages) First quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in QTL licensing revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to a $144 million increase in estimated revenues per unit, primarily driven by favorable mix, including 5G. QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues remained flat in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 primarily due to: + higher revenues - higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher selling, general and administrative expenses QSI Segment (in millions) First quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The decrease in QSI EBT in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to a $36 million decrease in net gains on investments. Looking Forward In the coming years, we expect consumer demand for 3G/4G/5G multimode and 5G products and services to continue to ramp around the world as we continue to transition from 3G/4G multimode and 4G products and services. We believe that 5G will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long-term. As we look forward to the next several quarters, our business may be impacted by the following key items: • We expect QCT revenues to continue to be favorably impacted compared to the prior year, reflecting continued strength across handsets, RFFE, automotive and IoT revenue streams. 25 • While we and the semiconductor industry continue to experience capacity constraints, we have entered into several, and we expect to enter into additional, multi-year capacity purchase commitments with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products in an effort to secure commitments for future supply, which we expect will allow us to continue to realize benefits from increased demand for integrated circuit products, particularly from certain Chinese OEMs as they continue to gain device share. Despite these realized benefits, there continues to be supply chain complexities and challenges that have prevented, and we expect will continue to prevent, us from securing supply to fully realize the benefits of increased customer demand. • We expect commercial 5G network deployments and device launches will continue . • We expect our research and development costs will increase compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased investment towards advancements in 5G and application processor technologies and certain other long-term initiatives, as well as an increase in share-based compensation expense. • We expect continued intense competition, particularly in China. • Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects and results of operations. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, including the Risk Factor titled “ A significant portion of our business is concentrated in China, and the risks of such concentration are exacerbated by U.S./China trade and national security tensions. ” • We currently do not expect a significant impact on our results of operations in the future due to COVID-19. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, specifically the Risk Factor titled “ The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and may continue to impact us in the future.” In addition to the foregoing business and market-based matters, we continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and not welcome the success of our licensing program in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies and/or governments or regulators may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Further discussion of risks related to our business is provided in the section titled “Risk Factors” included in this Quarterly Report. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations and cash provided by our debt programs. The following tables present selected financial information related to our liquidity at December 26, 2021 and September 26, 2021 and for the first three months of fiscal 2022 and 2021 (in millions): Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was prim arily due to $1.2 billion in payments to repurchase shares of our common stock, $765 million in cash dividends paid, $583 million in capital expenditures, $500 million in payments of tax withholdings related to the vesting of share-based awards and $238 million in cash paid for acquisitions and other investments. This was partially offset by net cash provided by 26 operating activities, which was impacted by advanced payments of $1.4 billion made to suppliers of our integrated circuit products under multi-year capacity commitments, as well as $1.0 billion of net changes in other operating assets and liabilities, consisting of increased working capital, including higher inventory and related operating liabilities to support QCT demand, an increase in accounts receivable as a result of higher revenues (net of an increase in amounts accrued for customer incentive arrangements recorded as a reduction to accounts receivable) and the timing of payments related to payroll, benefits and other liabilities. We currently expect our working capital requirements to increase in the near term to support QCT demand. Capital Return Program. On October 12, 2021, we announced a new $10.0 billion stock repurchase program, which was in addition to the then-remaining repurchase authority of $0.9 billion under the previous program. The stock repurchase programs have no expiration date. In the first three months of fiscal 2022, we repurchased and retired 8 million shares of our common stock for $1.2 billion, before commissions. At December 26, 2021, $10.1 billion remained authorized for repurchase under our stock repurchase programs. Our stock repurchase program is subject to periodic evaluations to determine when and if repurchases are in the best interests of our stockholders, and we may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue repurchases at any time. In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we paid cash dividends totaling $765 million, or $0.68 per share. On January 18, 2022, we announced a cash dividend of $0.68 per share on our common stock, payable on March 24, 2022 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 3, 2022. We currently intend to continue to use cash dividends as a means of returning capital to stockholders, subject to capital availability and our view that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders, among other factors. Debt. At December 26, 2021, we had $15.5 billion of principal floating- and fixed-rate notes outstanding, $1.5 billion of which matures in May 2022. The remaining debt has maturity dates in 2023 through 2050. We have an unsecured commercial paper program, which provides for the issuance of up to $4.5 billion of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. At December 26, 2021, we had $500 million of commercial paper outstanding. We also have a Revolving Credit Facility, which provides for unsecured revolving facility loans, swing line loans and letters of credit in an aggregate amount of up to $4.5 billion, which expires on December 8, 2025. At December 26, 2021, no amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. We expect to issue debt in the future. The amount and timing of such debt will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to maturities of our existing debt, acquisitions and strategic investments, favorable and/or acceptable interest rates and changes in corporate income tax law. Additional information regarding our outstanding debt is provided in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6. Debt” in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Acquisitions. In October 2021, we and SSW Partners entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Veoneer for total estimated cash consideration of approximately $4.5 billion, substantially all of which will be funded by Qualcomm, and in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we paid a $110 million termination fee to Magna International Inc. on behalf of Veoneer. Further, we have entered into a loan facility under which we will provide financing to Veoneer of up to $480 million under certain conditions. T he acquisition is expected to close in 2022, subject to certain closing conditions. Additi onal information related to this definitive agreement to acquire Veoneer and our obligations under the loan facility is included in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7. Acquisitions.” We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly, to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio or pursue new businesses. Long-term Capacity Commitments. We have entered into several multi-year capacity purchase commitments with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products. In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we made $1.4 billion in advance payments related to certain obligations under these purchase agreements, which were included within other assets and other current assets at December 26, 2021. Additional information regarding long-term capacity commitments and other purchase obligations is provided in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies” in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional Capital Requirements. Expected working and other capital requirements are described in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K in “