OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in “Part I, Item 1” of this Quarterly Report and with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2021 contained in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Quarterly Report (including but not limited to this section titled Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) contains forward-looking statements. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as our future business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or research and development or technology investments; new or enhanced products, services or technologies; emerging industries or business models; design wins or product launches; industry, market, business, product, technology, commercial, competitive or consumer trends, including seasonality; the 5G transition; our expectations regarding future demand or supply conditions; strategic investments or acquisitions, and the anticipated timing or benefits thereof; potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, legal or regulatory matters, U.S./China trade or national security tensions or vertical integration by our customers; competition; and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are also forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report reflect our good faith judgment, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report . Readers are ur ged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Quarterly Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Overview and Other Recent Events Revenues for the third quarter of fiscal 2022 were $10.9 billion, an increase of 36% compared to the year ago quarter, with net income of $3.7 billion, an increase of 84% compared to the year ago quarter. Highlights from the third quarter of fiscal 2022 and other recent events included: • QCT revenues increased by 45% in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 compared to the year ago quarter, primarily due to an increase in average selling prices and higher chipset shipments in handsets, along with higher IoT revenues. • On June 15, 2022, the General Court of the European Union issued a ruling annulling in its entirety the European Commission’s (EC) 2018 decision, which previously imposed a fine of 997 million euros for which we had provided financial guarantees to satisfy the obligation in lieu of cash payment. As a result, in the third quarter of fiscal 2022, we recorded a $1.1 billion benefit in other income and a $62 million reduction in interest expense, resulting from the reversal of the accrued fine and the associated interest previously recorded. See “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6. Commitments and Contingencies” in this Quarterly Report. • On October 4, 2021, we and SSW Partners entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Veoneer, Inc. (Veoneer). The transaction closed on April 1, 2022. We funded substantially all of the total cash consideration paid in the transaction, which was approximately $4.7 billion. The operating results of the Arriver and Non-Arriver businesses are reported on a one quarter lag. Therefore, no such amounts were included in our results of operations for the three and nine months ended June 26, 2022. Additional information related to this acquisition is included in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 8. Acquisitions.” Our Business and Operating Segments We develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. 22 We are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments. We conduct business primarily through our QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) semiconductor business and our QTL (Qualcomm Technology Licensing) licensing business. Our QSI (Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives) reportable segment makes strategic investments. We also have nonreportable segments, including QGOV (Qualcomm Government Technologies), our cloud AI inference processing initiative and other technology and service initiatives. Our reportable segments are operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. QTL is operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated, which owns the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Substantially all of our products and services businesses, including QCT, and substantially all of our engineering and research and development functions, are operated by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (QTI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of QUALCOMM Incorporated, and QTI’s subsidiaries. Neither QTI nor any of its subsidiaries has any right, power or authority to grant any licenses or other rights under or to any patents owned by QUALCOMM Incorporated. Seasonality. Many of our products and much of our intellectual property are incorporated into consumer wireless devices, which are subject to seasonality and other fluctuations in demand. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles (such as the transition to the next generation of wireless technologies). This has resulted in fluctuations in QCT revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products and in QTL revenues when licensees’ sales occur. These trends may or may not continue in the future. Further, the trends for QTL have been, and may in the future be, impacted by disputes and/or resolutions with licensees and/or governmental investigations or proceedings. Results of Operations Third quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to $2.8 billion in higher equipment and services revenues from our QCT segment. First nine months 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $8.3 billion in higher equipment and services revenues and $217 million in higher licensing revenues from our QCT segment + $155 million in higher licensing revenues from our QTL segment Third quarter 2022 vs. 2021 Gross margin percentage decreased in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 primarily due to a decrease in higher margin QTL licensing revenues in proportion to QCT revenues. First nine months 2022 vs. 2021 Gross margin percentage increased in the first nine months of fiscal 2022 primarily due to: + increase in QCT gross margin - decrease in higher margin QTL licensing revenues in proportion to QCT revenues 23 Third quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in research and development expenses in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $178 million increase driven by higher costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies (including 5G and application processor technologies), primarily driven by an increase in employee-related expenses + $72 million increase in share-based compensation expense - $61 million decrease in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation plan obligation on lower relative stock market performance (which resulted in a corresponding increase in net losses on deferred compensation plan assets within investment and other (expense) income, net due to the revaluation of the related assets) First nine months 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in research and development expenses in the first nine months of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $607 million increase driven by higher costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies (including 5G and application processor technologies), primarily driven by an increase in employee-related expenses + $228 million increase in share-based compensation expense - $116 million decrease in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation plan obligation on lower relative stock market performance Third quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $63 million increase in acquisition-related expenses, primarily related to the Veoneer transaction + $44 million increase in share-based compensation expense - $55 million decrease in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation plan obligation on lower relative stock market performance First nine months 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in the first nine months of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $92 million increase in employee-related expenses + $90 million increase in acquisition-related expenses, primarily related to the Veoneer transaction + $60 million increase in share-based compensation expense - $105 million decrease in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation plan obligation on lower relative stock market performance Third quarter and first nine months 2022 Other income in the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2022 consisted of a $1.1 billion benefit resulting from the 2018 EC fine reversal. 24 The decrease in interest expense for the three and nine months ended June 26, 2022 was primarily driven by the $62 million reversal of accrued interest previously recorded related to the annulled 2018 EC fine. Net losses on marketable securities for the three and nine months ended June 26, 2022 was primarily driven by the change in fair value of certain of our QSI marketable equity investments in early or growth stage companies. The fair values of these investments have been and may continue to be subject to increased volatility. Net gains on other investments for the three and nine months ended June 27, 2021 was driven primarily by realized gains resulting from the sale of certain of our QSI non-marketable investments. Income Tax Expense (in millions, except percentages) The following table summarizes the primary factors that caused our income tax provision to differ from the expected income tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory rate: We estimate our annual effective income tax rate to be 13% for fiscal 2022, which is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to (i) a significant portion of our income qualifying for preferential treatment as FDII at a 13% effective tax rate, (ii) the reversal of the 2018 EC fine, which is not taxable and is attributable to a foreign jurisdiction, (iii) excess tax benefits associated with share-based awards and (iv) benefits from our federal research and development tax credit. 25 Pursuant to U.S. tax law, beginning in fiscal 2023, we are required to capitalize and amortize domestic research and development expenditures over five years and foreign research and development expenditures over fifteen years (currently, such expenditures are deducted as incurred). If this requirement is not delayed or repealed, our cash flows from operations will be adversely affected due to significantly higher cash tax payments. However, since the resulting deferred tax asset will be established at the statutory rate of 21% (rather than the effective tax rate of 13% to 16% after considering the FDII deduction), capitalization will favorably affect our provision for income taxes and results of operations. The adverse cash flow impact and favorable tax provision impact will diminish in future years as capitalized research and development expenditures continue to amortize. The current U.S. presidential administration and Congress have proposed to increase U.S. tax rates, including reducing the benefit of the FDII deduction. Substantially all of our income is taxable in the U.S., of which a significant portion qualifies for preferential treatment as FDII. If such proposals are enacted into law, our provision for income taxes, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely (potentially materially) affected. Segment Results The following should be read in conjunction with our financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2022 for each reportable segment included in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7. Segment Information.” QCT Segment (in millions, except percentages) (1) Includes revenues from products sold for use in mobile handsets, excluding RFFE (radio frequency front-end) components. (2) Includes all revenues from sales of 4G, 5G sub-6 and 5G millimeter wave RFFE products (a substantial portion of which are sold for use in mobile handsets) and excludes radio frequency transceiver components. (3) Includes revenues from products sold for use in automobiles, including telematics, connectivity and digital cockpit. (4) Primarily includes products sold for use in the following industries and applications: consumer (including computing, voice and music and XR), edge networking (including mobile broadband and wireless access points) and industrial (including handhelds, retail, transportation and logistics and utilities). (5) Earnings (loss) before income taxes. Substantially all of QCT’s revenues consist of equipment and services revenues, which were $9.2 billion and $6.4 billion in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively, and $27.3 billion and $19.0 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. QCT handsets, automotive and IoT revenues mostly relate to sales of our Snapdragon platforms (which include processors and modems), stand-alone Mobile Data Modems, radio frequency transceiver, power management and wireless connectivity integrated chipsets. Third quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in QCT revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + higher handsets revenues, primarily driven by $1.1 billion in higher revenues per chipset, largely due to increases in average selling prices from higher-tier 5G products, and $1.0 billion in higher chipset shipments from major OEMs + higher RFFE revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for 4G/5G products from major OEMs + higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for digital cockpit products + higher IoT revenues across consumer, edge networking and industrial products, driven by a $229 million increase from favorable mix and higher average selling prices and a $205 million increase in demand 26 QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 primarily due to: + higher revenues - higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher research and development expenses Gross margin percentage remained flat, primarily driven by higher average selling prices, offset by higher product costs and reserve charges. First nine months 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in QCT revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + higher handsets revenues, primarily driven by $5.2 billion in higher revenues per chipset from increases in average selling prices and favorable mix toward higher-tier 5G products and $767 million in higher chipset shipments from major OEMs + higher RFFE revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for 4G/5G products from major OEMs + higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for digital cockpit products + higher IoT revenues across consumer, edge networking and industrial products, driven by a $759 million increase in demand, with the remaining increase of $757 million primarily due to favorable mix QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the first nine months of fiscal 2022 primarily due to: + higher revenues + higher gross margin percentage, primarily driven by higher average selling prices and favorable mix toward higher-tier 5G products, partially offset by higher product costs - higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher research and development expenses QTL Segment (in millions, except percentages) Third quarter 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in QTL licensing revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $49 million increase in estimated revenues per unit, which was primarily driven by favorable mix, including 5G - $40 million decrease in estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues remained flat in the third quarter of fiscal 2022. First nine months 2022 vs. 2021 The increase in QTL licensing revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to: + $266 million increase in estimated revenues per unit, which was primarily driven by favorable mix, including 5G - $144 million decrease in estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues remained flat in the first nine months of fiscal 2022. QSI Segment (in millions) Third quarter and first nine months 2022 vs. 2021 The decrease in QSI EBT in the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to a $225 million and $614 million increase, respectively, in net losses on investments, which was primarily driven by the change in fair value of certain of our marketable equity investments in early or growth stage companies. The fair values of these investments have been and may continue to be subject to increased volatility. 27 Looking Forward In the coming years, we expect consumer demand for 3G/4G/5G multimode and 5G products and services to continue to ramp around the world as we continue to transition from 3G/4G multimode and 4G products and services. We believe that 5G will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long-term. As we look forward to the next several quarters, our business may be impacted by the following key items: • Despite the decline in global demand for handsets and other consumer products, driven by the current macroeconomic environment and the impact of COVID-19 measures in China, we expect QCT revenues to continue to be favorably impacted in the fourth fiscal quarter compared to the prior year. • While we and the semiconductor industry continue to experience certain supply chain complexities and challenges, we currently, and we expect to continue to, see supply and demand generally in balance. • We expect commercial 5G network deployments and device launches will continue . • We expect our research and development costs will increase compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased investment towards advancements in 5G and application processor technologies and certain other long-term initiatives, as well as an increase in share-based compensation expense. • We expect continued intense competition, particularly in China. • Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects and results of operations. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, including the Risk Factor titled “ A significant portion of our business is concentrated in China, and the risks of such concentration are exacerbated by U.S./China trade and national security tensions. ” The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, specifically the Risk Factor titled “ The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and may continue to impact us in the future.” In addition to the foregoing business and market-based matters, we continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and not welcome the success of our licensing program in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies and/or governments or regulators may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Further discussion of risks related to our business is provided in the section titled “Risk Factors” included in this Quarterly Report. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations and cash provided by our debt programs. The following tables present selected financial information related to our liquidity at June 26, 2022 and September 26, 2021 and for the first nine months of fiscal 2022 and 2021 (in millions): (1) Excludes $522 million of cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale (included in other current assets) at June 26, 2022. 28 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was primarily due to $4.7 billion in cash p aid for acquisitions and other investments, net of cash acquired (primarily related to Veoneer), $2.6 billion in payments to repurchase shares of our common stock, $2.4 billion in cash dividends paid, $1.6 billion in capital expenditures and $751 million in payments of tax withholdings related to the vesting of share-based awards. This was partially offset by net cash provided by operating activities, which was negatively impacted by advanced payments of $2.3 billion made to suppliers of our integrated circuit products under certain multi-year capacity commitments (which were included within other current assets and other assets), as well as $1.9 billion of net changes in other operating assets and liab ilities (excluding the reversal of the 2018 EC fine), primarily consisting of increased working capital requirements, including higher inventory and related operating liabilities to support QCT demand and an increase in accounts receivable as a result of higher revenues (net of an increase in amounts accrued for customer incentive arrangements recorded as a reduction to accounts receivable). Capital Return Program. On October 12, 2021, we announced a $10.0 billion stock repurchase program. The stock repurchase program has no expiration date. In the first nine months of fiscal 2022, we repurchased and retired 18 million shares of our common stock for $2.6 billion, before commissions. At June 26, 2022, $8.6 billion remained authorized for repurchase under our stock repurchase program. Our stock repurchase program is subject to periodic evaluations to determine when and if repurchases are in the best interests of our stockholders, and we may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue repurchases at any time. In the first nine months of fiscal 2022, we paid cash dividends tot aling $2.4 billion, or $2.11 pe r share. On July 15, 2022, we announced a cash dividend of $0.75 per share on our common stock, payable on September 22, 2022 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on September 1, 2022. We currently intend to continue to use cash dividends as a means of returning capital to stockholders, subject to capital availability and our view that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders, among other factors. Debt. In the third quarter of fiscal 2022, we issued an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion of unsecured fixed-rate notes with varying maturities. The net proceeds, together with cash on hand, were used to repay $1.5 billion fixed-rate notes that matured in May 2022. At June 26, 2022, we had an aggregate principal amount of $15.4 billion of floating- and fixed-rate notes outstanding, $1.45 billion of which matures in January 2023. The remaining debt has maturity dates in 2024 through 2052. We have an unsecured commercial paper program, which provides for the issuance of up to $4.5 billion of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. At June 26, 2022, we had $500 million of commercial paper outstanding. We also have a Revolving Credit Facility, which provides for unsecured revolving facility loans, swing line loans and letters of credit in an aggregate amount of up to $4.5 billion, which expires on December 8, 2025. At June 26, 2022, no amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. We expect to issue debt in the future. The amount and timing of such debt will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to maturities of our existing debt, acquisitions and strategic investments, favorable and/or acceptable interest rates and changes in corporate income tax law. Additional information regarding our outstanding debt is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 5. Debt.” Income Taxes. Pursuant to U.S. tax law, beginning in fiscal 2023, we are required to capitalize and amortize domestic research and development expenditures over five years and foreign research and development expenditures over fifteen years (currently, such expenditures are deducted as incurred). If this requirement is not delayed or repealed, our cash flows from operations will be adversely affected due to significantly higher cash tax payments. Additional information regarding our income taxes is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 3. Income Taxes.” Additional Capital Requirements. Expected working and other capital requirements are described in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K in “