of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This section and other parts of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (“Form 10-Q”) contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. For example, statements in this Form 10-Q regarding the potential future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s business and results of operations are forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as “future,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company’s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 24, 2022 (the “2022 Form 10-K”) under the heading “Risk Factors.” The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. Unless otherwise stated, all information presented herein is based on the Company’s fiscal calendar, and references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. Each of the terms the “Company” and “Apple” as used herein refers collectively to Apple Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the 2022 Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. Available Information The Company periodically provides certain information for investors on its corporate website, www.apple.com, and its investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and other information about financial performance, information on environmental, social and governance matters, and details related to the Company’s annual meeting of shareholders. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-Q is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, the Company’s references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. Business Seasonality and Product Introductions The Company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday demand. Additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. The timing of product introductions can also impact the Company’s net sales to its indirect distribution channels as these channels are filled with new inventory following a product launch, and channel inventory of an older product often declines as the launch of a newer product approaches. Net sales can also be affected when consumers and distributors anticipate a product introduction. Fiscal Period The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. An additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter every five or six years to realign the Company’s fiscal quarters with calendar quarters, which occurred in the first quarter of 2023. The Company’s fiscal years 2023 and 2022 span 53 and 52 weeks, respectively. Quarterly Highlights Total net sales decreased 5% or $6.8 billion during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due to the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The weakness in foreign currencies contributed to lower net sales of iPhone and Mac, which was partially offset by higher net sales of iPad. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company announced a new iPad, a new iPad Pro ® powered by the Apple M2 chip, and a new Apple TV 4K. The Company repurchased $19.0 billion of its common stock and paid dividends and dividend equivalents of $3.8 billion during the first quarter of 2023. Apple Inc. | Q1 2023 Form 10-Q | 15 COVID-19 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures, such as restrictions on travel and business operations, temporary closures of businesses, and quarantine and shelter-in-place orders. The COVID-19 pandemic has at times significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global financial markets. The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken by many countries in response have affected and could in the future materially impact the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. Certain of the Company’s outsourcing partners, component suppliers and logistical service providers have experienced, and could in the future experience, disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in supply shortages. During the first quarter of 2023, COVID-related impacts temporarily affected the Company’s primary iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max assembly facility located in Zhengzhou, China. The facility operated at significantly reduced capacity, impacting iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone Pro Max shipments. Macroeconomic Conditions Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates and currency fluctuations, have direct and indirect impacts on the Company’s business. The Company believes these factors have impacted, and could in the future materially impact, the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. Segment Operating Performance The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. Americas includes both North and South America. Europe includes European countries, as well as India, the Middle East and Africa. Greater China includes China mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Rest of Asia Pacific includes Australia and those Asian countries not included in the Company’s other reportable segments. Although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region. Further information regarding the Company’s reportable segments can be found in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 9, “Segment Information and Geographic Data.” The following table shows net sales by reportable segment for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 (dollars in millions): Americas Americas net sales decreased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due primarily to lower net sales of iPhone and Mac, partially offset by higher net sales of Services and iPad. The weakness of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on Americas net sales during the first quarter of 2023. Europe Europe net sales decreased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due to the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which contributed to lower net sales of iPhone and Mac. Apple Inc. | Q1 2023 Form 10-Q | 16 Greater China Greater China net sales decreased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due to the weakness of the renminbi relative to the U.S. dollar. The weakness of the renminbi contributed to lower net sales of iPhone, which was partially offset by higher net sales of iPad. Japan Japan net sales decreased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due to the weakness of the yen relative to the U.S. dollar, which contributed to lower net sales of Services and Mac. Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of Asia Pacific net sales decreased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due to the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The weakness in foreign currencies contributed to lower net sales of iPhone and Mac, which was partially offset by higher net sales of Services and iPad. Products and Services Performance The following table shows net sales by category for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 (dollars in millions): (1) Products net sales include amortization of the deferred value of unspecified software upgrade rights, which are bundled in the sales price of the respective product. (2) Wearables, Home and Accessories net sales include sales of AirPods, Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats products, HomePod mini and accessories. (3) Services net sales include sales from the Company’s advertising, AppleCare, cloud, digital content, payment and other services. Services net sales also include amortization of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products. iPhone iPhone net sales decreased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due primarily to lower net sales from the Company’s new iPhone models launched in the fourth quarter of 2022. Mac Mac net sales decreased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due primarily to lower net sales of MacBook Pro ® . iPad iPad net sales increased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due primarily to higher net sales of iPad and iPad Air ® . Apple Inc. | Q1 2023 Form 10-Q | 17 Wearables, Home and Accessories Wearables, Home and Accessories net sales decreased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due primarily to lower net sales of AirPods, partially offset by higher net sales of Watch. Services Services net sales increased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due primarily to higher net sales from cloud services, the App Store ® and music. Gross Margin Products and Services gross margin and gross margin percentage for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 were as follows (dollars in millions): Products Gross Margin Products gross margin decreased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due primarily to the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and lower Products volume. Products gross margin percentage decreased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due primarily to the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. Services Gross Margin Services gross margin increased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due primarily to higher Services net sales, partially offset by the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. Services gross margin percentage decreased during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 due primarily to the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and higher Services costs, partially offset by improved leverage. The Company’s future gross margins can be impacted by a variety of factors, as discussed in Part I, Item 1A of the 2022 Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” As a result, the Company believes, in general, gross margins will be subject to volatility and downward pressure. Apple Inc. | Q1 2023 Form 10-Q | 18 Operating Expenses Operating expenses for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 were as follows (dollars in millions): Research and Development The growth in research and development (“R&D”) expense during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 was driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses. Selling, General and Administrative The growth in selling, general and administrative expense during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter in 2022 was driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses. Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income taxes, effective tax rate and statutory federal income tax rate for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 were as follows (dollars in millions): The Company’s effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2023 was lower than the statutory federal income tax rate due primarily to a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings, tax benefits from share-based compensation, and the U.S. federal R&D credit, partially offset by state income taxes. The Company’s effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2023 was lower compared to the same quarter in 2022 due primarily to a higher U.S. federal R&D credit, lower state income taxes and a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings, largely offset by lower tax benefits from share-based compensation. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents and unrestricted marketable securities, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond. The Company’s contractual cash requirements have not changed materially since the 2022 Form 10-K, except for commercial paper and manufacturing purchase obligations. Commercial Paper The Company issues unsecured short-term promissory notes (“Commercial Paper”) pursuant to a commercial paper program. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had $1.7 billion of Commercial Paper outstanding, all of which was payable within 12 months. Apple Inc. | Q1 2023 Form 10-Q | 19 Manufacturing Purchase Obligations The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for the Company’s products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products. The Company also obtains individual components for its products from a wide variety of individual suppliers. Outsourcing partners acquire components and build product based on demand information supplied by the Company, which typically covers periods up to 150 days. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had manufacturing purchase obligations of $55.1 billion, with $54.8 billion payable within 12 months. The Company’s manufacturing purchase obligations are primarily noncancelable. In addition to its contractual cash requirements, the Company has a capital return program authorized by the Board of Directors. The share repurchase program (the “Program”) does not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Company’s quarterly cash dividend was $0.23 per share. The Company intends to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the Board of Directors. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and the Company’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company’s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to condensed consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in