The Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described in Part I, Item 1A of the 2023 Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” When any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially and adversely affected. Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the Company’s risk factors since the 2023 Form 10-K. The technology industry, including, in some instances, the Company, is subject to intense media, political and regulatory scrutiny, which exposes the Company to increasing regulation, government investigations, legal actions and penalties. From time to time, the Company has made changes to its App Store, including actions taken in response to litigation, competition, market conditions and legal and regulatory requirements. The Company expects to make further business changes in the future. For example, in the U.S. the Company has implemented changes to how developers communicate with consumers within apps on the U.S. storefront of the iOS and iPadOS App Store regarding alternative purchasing mechanisms. Apple Inc. | Q2 2024 Form 10-Q | 19 In January 2024, the Company announced changes to iOS, the App Store and Safari ® in the EU to comply with the DMA, including new business terms and alternative fee structures for iOS apps, alternative methods of distribution for iOS apps, alternative payment processing for apps across the Company’s operating systems, and additional tools and application programming interfaces (“APIs”) for developers. Although the Company’s compliance plan is intended to address the DMA’s obligations, it has been challenged by the Commission and may be challenged further by private litigants. In addition, other jurisdictions may seek to require the Company to make changes to its business. While the changes introduced by the Company in the EU are intended to reduce new privacy and security risks the DMA poses to EU users, many risks will remain. The Company is also currently subject to antitrust investigations and litigation in various jurisdictions around the world, which can result in legal proceedings and claims against the Company that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, the Company is subject to civil antitrust lawsuits in the U.S. alleging monopolization or attempted monopolization in the markets for “performance smartphones” and “smartphones” generally in violation of U.S. antitrust laws. In addition, the Company is the subject of investigations in Europe and other jurisdictions relating to App Store terms and conditions. If such investigations or litigation are resolved against the Company, the Company can be exposed to significant fines and may be required to make further changes to its business practices, all of which could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. Further, the Company has commercial relationships with other companies in the technology industry that are or may become subject to investigations and litigation that, if resolved against those other companies, could materially adversely affect the Company’s commercial relationships with those business partners and materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, the Company earns revenue from licensing arrangements with other companies to offer their search services on the Company’s platforms and applications, and certain of these arrangements are currently subject to government investigations and legal proceedings. There can be no assurance the Company’s business will not be materially adversely affected, individually or in the aggregate, by the outcomes of such investigations, litigation or changes to laws and regulations in the future. Changes to the Company’s business practices to comply with new laws and regulations or in connection with other legal proceedings can negatively impact the reputation of the Company’s products for privacy and security and otherwise adversely affect the experience for users of the Company’s products and services, and result in harm to the Company’s reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, and lost sales.