OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Overview Our mission is to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation, financial and other services related to our products. In 2021, we have produced 386,759 vehicles and delivered 386,181 vehicles through the second quarter. We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production and capacity, improving and developing battery technologies, improving our FSD and Autopilot capabilities, increasing the affordability and efficiency of our vehicles and expanding our global infrastructure. In 2021, we have deployed 1.72 GWh of energy storage products and 177 megawatts of solar energy systems through the second quarter. We are currently focused on ramping production of energy storage products, improving our Solar Roof installation capability and efficiency and increasing market share of retrofit solar energy systems. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, we recognized total revenues of $11.96 billion and $22.35 billion, respectively, representing increases of $5.92 billion and $10.33 billion, respectively, over the same periods ended June 30, 2020. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, our net income attributable to common stockholders was $1.14 billion and $1.58 billion, respectively, representing favorable changes of $1.04 billion and $1.46 billion, respectively, over the same periods ended June 30, 2020. We continue to focus on operational efficiencies, while we have seen an acceleration of non-cash stock-based compensation expense due to continued increases in our market capitalization and updates to our business outlook. We ended the second quarter of 2021 with $16.23 billion in cash and cash equivalents, representing a decrease of $3.16 billion from the end of 2020. Our cash flows provided by operating activities during the six month period ended June 30, 2021 was $3.77 billion, representing a favorable change of $3.24 billion compared to our cash flows provided by operating activities during the same period ended June 30, 2020 of $524 million, and capital expenditures amounted to $2.85 billion during the six month period ended June 30, 2021, compared to $1.00 billion during the same period ended June 30, 2020. Sustained growth has allowed our business to generally fund itself, but we will continue investing in a number of capital-intensive projects in upcoming periods. Management Opportunities, Challenges and Risks Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic Beginning in the first quarter of 2021, there has been a trend in many parts of the world of increasing availability and administration of vaccines against COVID-19, as well as an easing of restrictions on social, business, travel and government activities and functions. On the other hand, infection rates and regulations continue to fluctuate in various regions and there are ongoing global impacts resulting from the pandemic, including challenges and increases in costs for logistics and supply chains, such as increased port congestion, intermittent supplier delays and a shortfall of semiconductor supply. We have also previously been affected by temporary manufacturing closures, employment and compensation adjustments, and impediments to administrative activities supporting our product deliveries and deployments. Ultimately, we cannot predict the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will have to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce and other resources accordingly. 31 Automotive—Production The following is a summary of the status of production of each of our announced vehicle models in production and under development, as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: Our new version of Model S is in production, and we are focused on commencing the updated Model X deliveries and ramping all of our production vehicles to their installed production capacities. Our current production continues to be affected by the industry-wide semiconductor and other component shortages, requiring additional workaround manufacturing and production design solutions to be implemented which may be difficult to sustain. The next phase of production growth will depend on the construction of Gigafactory Berlin and Gigafactory Texas, each of which is progressing as planned for production beginning in late 2021, as well as our ability to add to our available sources of battery cell supply by manufacturing our own cells that we are developing to have high-volume output, lower capital and production costs and longer range. Consistent with our approach of innovating manufacturing techniques at our new factories, we expect as well to pioneer new methods related to the mass production of these cells and our unique structural battery pack concept. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs and increase affordability. However, these plans are subject to uncertainties inherent in establishing and ramping manufacturing operations, which may be exacerbated by the number of concurrent international projects, any industry-wide component constraints which may increase the number of manufacturing and production design workaround solutions required and any future impact from events outside of our control such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, we must meet ambitious technological targets with our plans for battery cells as well as for iterative manufacturing and design improvements for our vehicles with each new factory. Automotive—Demand and Sales Our cost reduction efforts and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles’ affordability, and for example have allowed us to competitively price our vehicles in China. In addition to opening new factories in 2021, we will also continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles’ performance and functionality, including Autopilot, FSD and software features, and introducing anticipated future vehicles. Moreover, we expect to benefit from a recent spike in demand in the automotive industry generally, as well as ongoing electrification of the automotive sector and increasing environmental awareness. However, we operate in a cyclical industry that is sensitive to trade, environmental and political uncertainty, all of which may also be compounded by any future global impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, as additional competitors enter the marketplace and help bring the world closer to sustainable transportation, we will have to continue to execute well to maintain our momentum. Automotive—Deliveries and Customer Infrastructure As our deliveries increase, we must work constantly to prevent our vehicle delivery capability from becoming a bottleneck on our total deliveries. Increasing the exports of vehicles manufactured at Gigafactory Shanghai has been effective in mitigating the strain on our deliveries in markets outside of the United States, and we expect to benefit further from situating additional factories closer to local markets. As we expand our manufacturing operations globally, we will have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing and charging infrastructure accordingly, maintain our vehicle reliability and optimize our Supercharger locations to ensure cost effectiveness and customer satisfaction. In particular, we remain focused on increasing the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. 32 Energy Generation and Storage Demand, Production and Deployment The long-term success of this business is dependent upon increasing margins through greater volumes. We continue to increase the production of our energy storage products to meet high levels of demand, but such production is also sensitive to global component constraints. For Megapack, energy storage deployments can vary meaningfully quarter to quarter depending on the timing of specific project milestones. For Powerwall, better availability and growing grid stability concerns drive higher customer interest, and we are emphasizing cross-selling with our residential solar energy products. We remain committed to growing our retrofit solar energy business by offering a low-cost and simplified online ordering experience. In addition, we continue to improve our installation capabilities for Solar Roof by on-boarding and training a large number of installers and reducing the installation time dramatically. As these product lines grow, we will have to maintain adequate battery cell supply for our energy storage products and hire additional personnel, particularly skilled electricians, to support the ramp of Solar Roof. Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure Trends Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time, and may further be impacted by uncertainties in future global market conditions. We are simultaneously ramping new products in the new Model S and Model X, Model Y and Solar Roof, constructing or ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents and piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies, and the pace of our capital spend may vary depending on overall priority among projects, the pace at which we meet milestones, production adjustments to and among our various products, increased capital efficiencies and the addition of new projects. Owing and subject to the foregoing as well as the pipeline of announced projects under development and all other continuing infrastructure growth, we currently expect our capital expenditures to be $4.50 to $6.00 billion in 2021 and each of the next two fiscal years. Given the breadth of our various planned projects in 2021, as we make progress on such projects we expect that our actual spend will be on the higher end of this range in 2021. Our business has recently been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital management resulting in shorter days sales outstanding than days payable outstanding, our sales growth is also facilitating positive cash generation. On the other hand, we are likely to see heightened levels of capital expenditures during certain periods depending on the specific pace of our capital-intensive projects. Moreover, as our stock price has significantly increased, we have seen higher levels of early conversions of “in-the-money” convertible senior notes, which obligates us to deliver cash and or shares pursuant to the terms of those notes. Overall, we expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. Operating Expense Trends As long as we see expanding sales, and excluding the potential impact of non-cash stock compensation expense attributable to the 2018 CEO Performance Award and impairment charges on certain assets as explained below, we generally expect operating expenses relative to revenues to decrease as we continue to increase operational efficiency and process automation. In March 2018, our stockholders approved a performance-based stock option award to our CEO (the “2018 CEO Performance Award”), consisting of 12 vesting tranches contingent on the achievement of specified market capitalization and operational milestones. We incur non-cash stock-based compensation expense for each tranche only after the related operational milestone initially becomes probable of being achieved based on a subjective assessment of our future financial performance, and if this happens following the grant date, we record at such time a cumulative catch-up expense that may be significant based on the length of time elapsed from the grant date. Moreover, the remaining expense for that tranche is ratably recorded over the period remaining until the later of (i) the expected achievement of the relevant operational milestone (if it has not yet been achieved) and (ii) the expected achievement of the related market capitalization milestone (if it had not yet been achieved). Upon the achievement of both milestones related to a tranche, all remaining associated expense is recognized immediately. Because the market capitalization milestone achievements were generally expected to occur later than the related expected operational milestone achievements, the achievement of the former earlier than expected may increase the magnitude of any catch-up expense and/or accelerate the rate at which the remaining expense is recognized. Since 2020, several operational milestones have become probable and/or have been achieved and all market capitalization milestones have been achieved, resulting in the recognition or acceleration of related expense earlier than anticipated and within a relatively short period of time. See Note 11, Equity Incentive Plans—2018 CEO Performance Award , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details regarding the stock-based compensation relating to the 2018 CEO Performance Award. 33 In the first quarter of 2021, we invested an aggregate $1.50 billion in bitcoin and accepted bitcoin as a form of payment for sales of certain of our products in specified regions, subject to applicable laws, and suspended this practice in May 2021. We believe in the long-term potential of digital assets both as an investment and also as a liquid alternative to cash. As with any investment and consistent with how we manage fiat-based cash and cash-equivalent accounts, we may increase or decrease our holdings of digital assets at any time based on the needs of the business and our view of market and environmental conditions. Digital assets are considered indefinite-lived intangible assets under applicable accounting rules. Accordingly, any decrease in their fair values below our carrying values for such assets at any time subsequent to their acquisition will require us to recognize impairment charges, whereas we may make no upward revisions for any market price increases until a sale. For any digital assets held now or in the future, these charges may negatively impact our profitability in the periods in which such impairments occur even if the overall market values of these assets increase. For example, in the six month period ended June 30, 2021, we recorded approximately $50 million of impairment losses resulting from changes to the carrying value of our bitcoin and gains of $128 million on certain sales of bitcoin by us. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“GAAP”). The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been uncertainty and disruption in the global economy and financial markets. The estimates used for, but not limited to, determining significant economic incentive for resale value guarantee arrangements, sales return reserves, the collectability of accounts receivable, inventory valuation, fair value of long-lived assets, goodwill, fair value of financial instruments, fair value and residual value of operating lease vehicles and solar energy systems subject to leases could be impacted. We have assessed the impact and are not aware of any specific events or circumstances that required an update to our estimates and assumptions or materially affected the carrying value of our assets or liabilities as of the date of issuance of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These estimates may change as new events occur and additional information is obtained. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For a description of our critical accounting policies and estimates, refer to