OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Overview Our mission is to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation, financial and other services related to our products. Additionally, we are increasingly focused on products and services based on artificial intelligence, robotics and automation. In 2023, we produced 440,808 consumer vehicles and delivered 422,875 consumer vehicles through the first quarter. We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production, capacity and delivery capabilities, reducing costs, improving and developing battery technologies, improving our FSD capabilities, increasing the affordability and efficiency of our vehicles, bringing new products to market and expanding our global infrastructure. In 2023, we deployed 3.89 GWh of energy storage products and 67 megawatts of solar energy systems through the first quarter. We are currently focused on ramping production of energy storage products, improving our Solar Roof installation capability and efficiency, and increasing market share of retrofit solar energy systems. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we recognized total revenues of $23.33 billion, representing an increase of $4.57 billion, compared to the prior year. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, our net income attributable to common stockholders was $2.51 billion, representing an unfavorable change of $805 million, compared to the prior year. We continue to focus on improving our profitability through production and operational efficiencies. We ended the first quarter of 2023 with $22.40 billion in cash and cash equivalents and investments, representing an increase of $217 million from the end of 2022. Our cash flows provided by operating activities during the three months ended March 2023 and 2022 were $2.51 billion and $4.00 billion, respectively, representing a decrease of $1.48 billion. Capital expenditures amounted to $2.07 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to $1.77 billion during the same period ended March 31, 2022. Sustained growth has allowed our business to generally fund itself, and we will continue investing in a number of capital-intensive projects in upcoming periods. Management Opportunities, Challenges and Uncertainties and 2023 Outlook Automotive—Production The following is a summary of the status of production of each of our announced vehicle models in production and under development, as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: We are focused on growing our manufacturing capacity, which includes ramping all of our production vehicles to their installed production capacities as well as increasing production rate, efficiency and capacity at our current factories. The next phase of production growth will depend on the ramp at Gigafactory Berlin-Brandenburg and Gigafactory Texas, as well as our ability to add to our available sources of battery cell supply by manufacturing our own cells that we are developing to have high-volume output, lower capital and production costs and longer range. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs and increase affordability and customer awareness. 23 However, these plans are subject to uncertainties inherent in establishing and ramping manufacturing operations, which may be exacerbated by the new product and manufacturing technologies we are introducing, the number of concurrent international projects, any industry-wide component constraints, labor shortages and any future impact from events outside of our control such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, we have set ambitious technological targets with our plans for battery cells as well as for iterative manufacturing and design improvements for our vehicles with each new factory. Automotive—Demand, Sales, Deliveries and Infrastructure Our cost reduction efforts, cost innovation strategies, and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles’ affordability, and for example, have allowed us to competitively price our vehicles. We will also continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles’ performance and functionality, including through products based on artificial intelligence such as Autopilot and FSD, and other software features, and delivering new vehicles, such as our upcoming Cybertruck. Moreover, we expect to continue to benefit from ongoing electrification of the automotive sector and increasing environmental awareness. However, we operate in a cyclical industry that is sensitive to political and regulatory uncertainty, including with respect to trade and the environment, all of which can be compounded by inflationary pressures, rising energy prices, increases in interest rates and the liquidity of enterprise customers. For example, inflationary pressures have increased across the markets in which we operate. In an effort to curb this trend, central banks in developed countries raised interest rates rapidly and substantially, impacting the affordability of vehicle lease and finance arrangements. Further, sales of vehicles in the automotive industry also tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose us to increased volatility as we expand and adjust our operations. Moreover, as additional competitors enter the marketplace and help bring the world closer to sustainable transportation, we will have to adjust and continue to execute well to maintain our momentum. These macroeconomic and industry trends have had, and will likely continue to have, an impact on the pricing of, and order rate for our vehicles, and in turn our operating margin. We will continue to adjust accordingly to such developments, and we believe our ongoing cost reduction, including improved production innovation and efficiency at our newest factories and lower logistics costs, and focus on operating leverage will continue to benefit us in relation to our competitors. As our production increases, we must work constantly to similarly increase vehicle delivery capability so that it does not become a bottleneck on our total deliveries. We are also committed to reducing the percentage of vehicles delivered in the third month of each quarter, which will help to reduce the cost per vehicle. As we expand our manufacturing operations globally, we will also have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing and charging infrastructure accordingly, maintain our vehicle reliability and optimize our Supercharger locations to ensure cost effectiveness and customer satisfaction. In particular, we remain focused on increasing the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. Energy Generation and Storage Demand, Production and Deployment The long-term success of this business is dependent upon increasing margins through greater volumes. We continue to increase the production of our energy storage products to meet high levels of demand, including the announcement of a new Megafactory in Shanghai. For Megapack, energy storage deployments can vary meaningfully quarter to quarter depending on the timing of specific project milestones. For Powerwall, better availability and growing grid stability concerns drive higher customer interest. We remain committed to growing our retrofit solar energy business by offering a low-cost and simplified online ordering experience. In addition, we continue to seek to improve our installation capabilities and price efficiencies for Solar Roof. As these product lines grow, we will have to maintain adequate battery cell supply for our energy storage products and hire additional personnel, particularly skilled electricians, to support the ramp of Solar Roof. 24 Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure Trends Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short-term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time, and may further be impacted by uncertainties in future global market conditions. We are simultaneously ramping new products, ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents, piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies and investing in autonomy and other artificial intelligence enabled products, and the pace of our capital spend may vary depending on overall priority among projects, the pace at which we meet milestones, production adjustments to and among our various products, increased capital efficiencies and the addition of new projects. Owing and subject to the foregoing as well as the pipeline of announced projects under development, all other continuing infrastructure growth and varying levels of inflation, we currently expect our capital expenditures to be between $7.00 to $9.00 billion in 2023 and in each of the following two fiscal years. Our business has recently been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital management resulting in shorter days sales outstanding than days payable outstanding, our sales growth is also facilitating positive cash generation. We have and will continue to utilize such cash flows, among other things, to do more vertical integration, expand our product roadmap and provide financing options to our customers. On the other hand, we are likely to see heightened levels of capital expenditures during certain periods depending on the specific pace of our capital-intensive projects and rising material prices and increasing supply chain and labor expenses resulting from changes in global trade conditions and labor availability associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Overall, we expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates For a description of our critical accounting policies and estimates, refer to