of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2025 and 2024 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2025 and 2024. Discussions of 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Results of Operations The following represents our consolidated performance highlights (1) : (1) During the year ended December 31, 2025, we discontinued the reporting of membership numbers, including average paying memberships and average monthly revenue per paying membership, focusing instead on revenue and operating margin as the primary financial metrics that we believe best represent our business performance. (2) We discontinued our DVD-by-mail service in the year ended December 31, 2023. The discontinuance of our DVD business had an immaterial impact on our operations and financial results. (3) See the “ Non-GAAP Constant Currency Information” section below for additional details on our use of constant currency revenue. Operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased by approximately three percentage points as compared to the prior comparative period, primarily driven by the growth in revenues outpacing the growth in cost of revenues, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased $2,270 million as compared to the prior comparative period, primarily due to a $2,909 million increase in operating income, driven by a $6,182 million increase in revenues and partially offset by a $2,237 million increase in cost of revenues primarily due to the increase in content amortization and other cost of revenues. The impact of higher operating income was partially offset by a $487 million increase in the provision for income taxes. Revenues We primarily derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members. We offer a variety of streaming membership plans, the price of which varies by country and the features of the plan. As of December 31, 2025, pricing on our paid plans ranged from the U.S. dollar equivalent of $1 to $37 per month, and pricing on our extra member sub accounts ranged from the U.S. dollar equivalent of $2 to $9 per month. We expect that from time to time the prices of our membership plans in each country may change and we may test other plan and price variations. We also earn revenue from advertisements presented on our streaming service, consumer products, live experiences and various other sources. Revenues earned from sources other than monthly membership fees were not a material component of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. 20 Table of Contents Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased 16% as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to the growth in memberships, price increases, and increased advertising revenue, partially offset by unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates, net of hedging. The following table summarizes streaming revenues by region for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. Total streaming revenues are inclusive of hedging gains (losses) of $(91) million and $124 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. No hedging gains and losses were recognized in total streaming revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Note 8 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company’s derivative and non-derivative financial instruments. Non-GAAP Constant Currency Information We believe the non-GAAP financial measure of constant currency revenue is useful in analyzing period-to-period comparisons in revenues absent foreign currency fluctuations. However, this non-GAAP financial measure should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or superior to other financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. In order to exclude the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations on revenue, we calculate current period revenue assuming foreign exchange rates had remained constant with foreign exchange rates from each of the corresponding months of the prior-year period and exclude the impact of hedging gains or losses realized as revenues. Constant currency percentage change in revenues is calculated as the percentage change between current period constant currency revenue and the prior comparative period revenue. The impact of hedging gains or losses is excluded from both the current and prior periods. The table below summarizes constant currency streaming revenues by region for the year ended December 31, 2025 and the constant currency percentage change in streaming revenues by region for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024: 21 Table of Contents Cost of Revenues Cost of revenues primarily consists of the amortization of content assets. Other costs of revenues include expenses associated with the acquisition, licensing and production of content, streaming delivery costs, and other operating costs. Expenses related to the acquisition, licensing and production of content not included in content amortization may include payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other personnel-related expenses, costs associated with obtaining rights to music included in our content, overall deals with talent, miscellaneous production-related costs and participations and residuals. Streaming delivery costs are primarily related to our global content delivery network (“Open Connect”). We have built our own Open Connect network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Delivery expenses, therefore, include equipment costs related to Open Connect, payroll and related personnel expenses and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering content over the internet. Other operating costs include customer service and payment processing fees, including those we pay to our integrated payment partners, as well as other costs incurred in making our content available to members. The increase in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024 was primarily due to a $1,121 million increase in content amortization relating to our existing and new content, coupled with a $1,116 million increase in other cost of revenues, primarily driven by non-income tax assessments in Brazil. We do not expect that non-income taxes incurred in Brazil will materially impact our results of operations in future periods. See Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail on our non-income tax matters. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of expenses for promotional activities such as digital and television advertising, and certain payments made to marketing and advertising sales partners. Our marketing partners include consumer electronics (“CE”) manufacturers, multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”), mobile operators, and ISPs. Our advertising sales partners include advertising technology providers and advertising agencies. Sales and marketing expenses also include payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for personnel that support advertising sales and marketing activities. The increase in sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024 was primarily driven by a $222 million increase in marketing expenses, coupled with a $149 million increase in personnel-related costs due to the growth in advertising sales headcount. Technology and Development Technology and development expenses consist primarily of payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for technology personnel responsible for making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendations and infrastructure. Technology and development expenses also include costs associated with general use computer hardware and software. 22 Table of Contents The increase in technology and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024 was primarily due to a $438 million increase in personnel-related costs. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses consist of payroll, stock-based compensation, facilities, and other related expenses for corporate personnel. General and administrative expenses also include professional fees and other general corporate expenses. The increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024 was primarily due to a $92 million increase in personnel-related costs and a $64 million increase in third-party expenses. The increase in personnel-related costs was primarily driven by higher share-based compensation expense, while the increase in third-party expenses was attributable to higher legal fees and transaction-related costs, including those associated with the WBD transaction. Interest Expense Interest expense consists primarily of the interest associated with our outstanding debt obligations and the amortization of debt issuance costs. See Note 7 Debt in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail on our debt obligations. Interest expense primarily consists of interest on our Notes of $716 million for the year ended December 31, 2025. The increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024 was primarily driven by higher amortization of debt issuance costs, including approximately $60 million related to financing arrangements entered into in connection with the WBD transaction. See Note 7 Debt for additional details regarding the financing arrangements associated with the WBD transaction. Interest and Other Income (Expense) Interest and other income (expense) consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses on foreign currency denominated balances, gains and losses on certain derivative instruments, and interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. Interest and other income (expense) decreased for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily due to foreign exchange losses of $123 million, net of the impacts of derivatives and hedging, compared to losses of $18 million for the corresponding period in 2024. In the year 23 Table of Contents ended December 31, 2025, the foreign exchange losses were primarily driven by the non-cash loss of $72 million from the remeasurement of our Senior Notes denominated in Euro, net of hedging impacts, coupled with the remeasurement of cash and content liability positions in currencies other than the functional currencies. The foreign exchange losses in the year ended December 31, 2024 were primarily driven by the remeasurement of cash and content liability positions in currencies other than the functional currencies, partially offset by a non-cash gain of $122 million from the remeasurement of our Senior Notes denominated in Euro, net of hedging impacts. Provision for Income Taxes The increase in our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, is primarily due to a decrease in tax benefits associated with federal research and development tax credits as well as the growth in income before taxes exceeding the growth in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. See Note 11 Income Taxes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes. 24 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments decreased $518 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 primarily due to the repurchase of stock and repayment of debt, partially offset by cash provided by operations. Debt, net of debt issuance costs and discounts, decreased $1,120 million primarily due to approximately $1,833 million in repayments of debt, partially offset by the remeasurement of our Euro-denominated notes in the year ended December 31, 2025. The amount of principal and interest on our outstanding notes due in the next twelve months is $1,690 million. See Note 7 Debt in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements. Uses of Cash Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, marketing programs, streaming delivery, and personnel-related costs. Cash payment terms for non-original content have historically been in line with the amortization period. Investments in original content, and in particular content that we produce and own, require more cash upfront relative to licensed content. For example, production costs are paid as the content is created, well in advance of when the content is available on the service and amortized. We expect to continue to significantly invest in global content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity. Our other uses of cash include strategic acquisitions and investments, as well as share repurchases. See the “ Material Cash Requirements ” section below for further detail on our expected use of cash in connection with the WBD transaction. Financing Arrangements On April 12, 2024, we entered into a five-year, $3 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that matures on April 12, 2029 (the “Revolving Credit Agreement”). In May 2025, we established a $3 billion commercial paper program (the “Commercial Paper Program”) under which we may issue short-term unsecured commercial paper notes. On December 4, 2025, we entered into a bridge commitment letter pursuant to which the commitment parties agreed to provide, subject to customary conditions, a $59 billion senior unsecured bridge term loan facility to finance the purchase price for the WBD transaction, to pay fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the WBD transaction and, at our option, to refinance certain indebtedness (the “Bridge Facility Commitments”). On December 19, 2025, we replaced a portion of the Bridge Facility Commitments with a $5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility and a $20 billion unsecured delayed draw term loan facility (collectively, the “Transaction Credit Facilities”), which reduced the outstanding Bridge Facility Commitments to $34 billion. As of December 31, 2025, no amounts have been borrowed under the Revolving Credit Agreement, Commercial Paper Program, Bridge Facility Commitments, or the Transaction Credit Facilities. On January 19, 2026, in connection with the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement (as defined below), the Company entered into a bridge facility incremental commitments agreement (the "Incremental Commitments Agreement"). The Incremental Commitments Agreement increased the existing commitments under the Company's Bridge Facility Commitments from $34 billion to $42.2 billion of senior unsecured bridge term loan commitments for the purpose of financing the purchase price under the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement, paying certain other fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the WBD transaction and, at the Company's option, refinancing certain indebtedness. See Note 7 Debt and Note 14 Subsequent Event for further information on the financing arrangements the Company has entered into in connection with the WBD transaction. We anticipate that we may periodically raise additional debt capital. Our ability to obtain this or any additional financing that we may choose or need, including for the refinancing of upcoming maturities or potential strategic acquisitions and investments, will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. 25 Table of Contents Share Repurchases In September 2023, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $10 billion of our common stock, with no expiration date, and in December 2024, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by an additional $15 billion, also with no expiration date. Stock repurchases may be effected through open market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, privately-negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchase plans, block purchases, or other similar purchase techniques and in such amounts as management deems appropriate. We are not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares, and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, general economic, business and market conditions, and alternative investment opportunities. We may discontinue any repurchases of our common stock at any time without prior notice. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased 86,536,215 shares of common stock for an aggregate amount of $9.1 billion (excluding the 1% excise tax on stock repurchases as a result of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022). As of December 31, 2025, $8.0 billion remains available for repurchases. Material Cash Requirements We currently anticipate that cash flows from operations, available funds and access to financing sources, including under our Revolving Credit Facility, Commercial Paper Program, the Bridge Facility Commitments and the Transaction Credit Facilities, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond. Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our content, debt and lease obligations. As of December 31, 2025, the expected timing of those payments are as follows: (1) As of December 31, 2025, content obligations were comprised of $4.1 billion included in “Current content liabilities” and $1.6 billion of “Non-current content liabilities” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $18.4 billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not then meet the criteria for recognition. Content obligations include amounts related to the acquisition, licensing and production of content. An obligation for the production of content includes non-cancelable commitments under creative talent and employment agreements and other production related commitments. An obligation for the acquisition and licensing of content is incurred at the time we enter into an agreement to obtain future titles. Once a title becomes available, a content liability is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Certain agreements include the obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and/or fees for which are not yet determinable as of the reporting date. Traditional film output deals, or certain TV series license agreements where the number of seasons to be aired is unknown, are examples of these types of agreements. The contractual obligations table above does not include any estimated obligation for the unknown future titles, payment for which could range from less than one year to more than five years. However, these unknown obligations are expected to be significant and we believe could include approximately $1 billion to $4 billion over the next three years, with the payments for the vast majority of such amounts expected to occur after the next twelve months. The foregoing range is based on considerable management judgments and the actual amounts may differ. Once we know the title that we will receive and the license fees, we include the amount in the contractual obligations table above. (2) Debt obligations include our Notes consisting of principal and interest payments. See Note 7 Debt in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further details. (3) Operating lease obligations are comprised of operating lease liabilities included in “Accrued expenses and other liabilities” and “Other non-current liabilities” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, inclusive of imputed interest. Operating lease obligations also include additional obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not meet the criteria for recognition. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has additional operating leases for real estate that have not yet commenced which has been included above. The lease obligations associated with these leases were not material. See Note 5 Balance Sheet Components in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further details regarding leases. As of December 31, 2025, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $566 million, of which $409 million was classified in “Other non-current liabilities” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition to the material cash requirements summarized in the table above, we expect to pay deposits of approximately $700 million related to non-income tax assessments in Brazil as described further in Note 9 Commitments and Contingencie s. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we also paid tax deposits of approximately $200 million related to certain direct taxes that exceeded our regularly recurring obligations. 26 Table of Contents Other Planned Uses of Cash and Debt Capital On December 4, 2025, we entered into a definitive agreement and plan of merger with WBD to acquire WBD's streaming and studios businesses, including its film and television studios, HBO Max and HBO, which was amended and restated by the parties thereto on January 19, 2026 (as so amended and restated, the “Amended and Restated Merger Agreement”). WBD is a leading global media and entertainment company and will separate its Global Linear Networks business, Discovery Global, into a new publicly-traded company prior to the closing of the WBD transaction. Under the terms of the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement, each WBD stockholder will receive $27.75 in cash (as may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement) for each share of WBD common stock outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing of the WBD transaction, for a total equity value of approximately $72.0 billion and an enterprise value of approximately $82.7 billion (in each case, as of December 4, 2025). The total equity value and enterprise value of the WBD transaction may fluctuate based on WBD's capitalization as of the closing of the WBD transaction. We expect the WBD transaction to close in 12-18 months from December 4, 2025, subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals, approval of WBD stockholders, the consummation of the separation and distribution of Discovery Global and other customary closing conditions. See Note 6 Acquisitions and Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies for further information. Cash Flows The following table summarizes our cash flows: Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased $2,788 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily driven by a $2,270 million or 26% increase in net income and a $1,646 million increase in adjustments for non-cash expenses, partially offset by a $705 million increase in payments for content assets and $423 million in unfavorable changes in working capital. Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased $3,223 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to net cash inflows of $1,747 million from maturities, sales and purchases of investments in the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to cash outflows of $1,742 million from purchases of investments in the corresponding period in 2024, partially offset by a $249 million increase in purchases of property and equipment. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased $6,271 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily driven by changes in cash flows related to the issuance and repayment of debt. The increase in financing cash outflows was primarily driven by no proceeds from the issuance of debt in the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to proceeds from the issuance of debt of $1,794 million, in the corresponding period in 2024, coupled with a $1,433 million increase in repayments of debt. In addition, repurchases of common stock increased $2,863 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the corresponding period in 2024. Indemnifications The information set forth under Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II,