” for a discussion of these factors and other risks. Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2026 Summary We benefited from a $180 million release of previously reserved H20 inventory related to the sale of approximately $650 million of H20 to an unrestricted customer outside of China. There were no H20 sales to China-based customers in the second quarter of fiscal year 2026. Revenue was $46.7 billion, up 56% from a year ago and up 6% sequentially. Data Center revenue was $41.1 billion, up 56% from a year ago and up 5% sequentially. The strong year-on-year and sequential growth was driven by demand for our accelerated computing platform used for large language models, recommendation engines, and generative and agentic AI applications. We continue to ramp our Blackwell architecture, which grew 17% sequentially, including our newest architecture, Blackwell Ultra. We recognized Blackwell revenue across 25 all customer categories, led by large cloud service providers, which represented approximately 50% of Data Center revenue. Data Center compute revenue was $33.8 billion, up 50% from a year ago. Sequentially, compute revenue declined 1%, driven by a $4.0 billion reduction in H20 sales. Networking revenue was $7.3 billion, up 98% from a year ago and up 46% sequentially, driven by the growth of NVLink compute fabric for GB200 and GB300 systems, the ramp of XDR InfiniBand products, and adoption of Ethernet for AI solutions at cloud service providers and consumer internet companies. Gaming revenue was up 49% from a year ago and up 14% sequentially, with strong sales and increased supply of our Blackwell product. Professional Visualization revenue was up 32% from a year ago and up 18% sequentially, driven by the acceleration of Blackwell sales in our Notebook products, addressing AI workflows, real-time graphics rendering and data simulation. Automotive revenue was up 69% from a year ago and up 3% sequentially, driven by strong adoption of our self-driving platforms. Gross margin decreased from a year ago as our Blackwell revenue consists primarily of full-scale datacenter systems compared to Hopper HGX systems last year. Gross margin increased sequentially as the prior quarter included a $4.5 billion charge associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations. Operating expenses were up 38% from a year ago and up 8% sequentially. The increases were primarily driven by compute and infrastructure costs and higher compensation and benefits due to compensation increases and employee growth. Financial Information by Business Segment and Geographic Data Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding segment information. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Refer to