” for a discussion of these factors and other risks. Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2026 Summary Revenue was $57.0 billion, up 62% from a year ago and up 22% sequentially. Data Center revenue was $51.2 billion, up 66% from a year ago and up 25% sequentially, driven by three platform shifts –accelerated computing, powerful AI models, and agentic applications. Blackwell Ultra is now our leading architecture across all customer categories while our prior Blackwell architecture saw continued strong demand. H20 sales were insignificant in the third quarter of fiscal year 2026. Data Center compute revenue was $43.0 billion, up 56% from a year ago and up 27% sequentially. Networking revenue was $8.2 billion, up 162% from a year ago from the introduction and continued growth of NVLink compute fabric for 26 GB200 and GB300 systems. Networking revenue was up 13% sequentially, driven by the growth of XDR InfiniBand products, NVLink, and Ethernet for AI solutions, while shipment timing and supply availability varied compared to the prior quarter. Gaming revenue was up 30% from a year ago on the continued demand for Blackwell. Gaming revenue was down 1% sequentially as channel inventories have reached more normalized levels heading into the holiday season. Professional Visualization revenue was up 56% from a year ago and up 26% sequentially, driven by the launch of our new DGX Spark as well as the growth of Blackwell sales. Automotive revenue was up 32% from a year ago and up 1% sequentially, driven by continued adoption of our self-driving platforms. Gross margin decreased from a year ago as our business model transitioned from offering Hopper HGX systems to Blackwell full-scale datacenter solutions. Gross margin increased sequentially as Blackwell ramped with an improved mix and cost structure. Operating expenses were up 36% from a year ago and up 8% sequentially. The increases were primarily driven by compute and infrastructure costs, higher compensation and benefits due to compensation increases and employee growth and engineering development costs for new product introductions. Financial Information by Business Segment and Geographic Data Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding segment information. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Refer to