” for a discussion of this potential impact. Macroeconomic Factors Macroeconomic factors, including inflation, increased interest rates, capital market volatility, global supply chain constraints and global economic and geopolitical developments, may have direct and indirect impacts on our results of operations, particularly demand for our products. While difficult to isolate and quantify, these macroeconomic factors can also impact our supply chain and manufacturing costs, employee wages, costs for capital equipment and value of our investments. Our product and solution pricing generally does not fluctuate with short-term changes in our costs. Within our supply chain, we continuously manage product availability and costs with our vendors. 24 Israel and Hamas Conflict We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our approximately 4,000 employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing of our networking products. Our global supply chain for our networking products has not experienced any significant impact. A substantial number of our employees in the region have been called-up for active military duty in Israel. Some of our employees in Israel have been on active military duty for an extended period and they or others may continue to be absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We have not experienced significant impact or expense to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or create other uncertainty for our business. First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2025 Summary We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. Revenue was $26.0 billion, up 262% from a year ago and up 18% sequentially. Data Center revenue was up 427% from a year ago and up 23% sequentially. Data Center compute revenue was $19.4 billion, up 478% from a year ago and up 29% sequentially. These increases reflect higher shipments of the NVIDIA Hopper GPU computing platform used for training and inferencing with large language models, recommendation engines, and generative AI applications. Networking revenue was $3.2 billion, up 242% from a year ago on strong growth of InfiniBand end-to-end solutions, and down 5% sequentially due to the timing of supply. Strong sequential Data Center growth was driven by all customer types, led by Enterprise and Consumer Internet companies. Large cloud providers continued to drive strong growth as they deploy and ramp NVIDIA AI infrastructure at scale, representing mid-40% of our Data Center revenue. Gaming revenue was up 18% from a year ago and down 8% sequentially. The year-on-year increase primarily reflects higher demand. The sequential decrease reflects seasonally lower GPU sales for laptops. Professional Visualization revenue was up 45% from a year ago and down 8% sequentially. The year-on-year increase primarily reflects higher sell-in to partners following the normalization of channel inventory levels. The sequential decrease was primarily due to desktop workstation GPUs. Automotive revenue was up 11% from a year ago and up 17% sequentially. The year-on-year increase was driven primarily by self-driving platforms. The sequential increase was driven by AI Cockpit solutions and self-driving platforms. Gross margin for the first quarter increased significantly from a year ago on strong Data Center revenue growth primarily driven by our Hopper GPU computing platform. Sequentially, gross margin benefited from lower inventory charges. Operating expenses were up 39% from a year ago and up 10% sequentially. The increases were primarily driven by compensation and benefits, reflecting growth in employees and compensation. Market Platform Highlights Data Center revenue for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 was $22.6 billion, up 427% from a year ago and up 23% from the previous quarter. In our trailing 4 quarters, we estimate that inference drove about 40% of our Data Center revenue. We unveiled the NVIDIA Blackwell platform, our next-generation GPU architecture for the new era of AI computing at trillion-parameter scale and the Blackwell-powered DGX SuperPOD for generative AI supercomputing. Joining Blackwell will be NVIDIA Quantum InfiniBand and Spectrum Ethernet switches designed for massive-scale AI. We also announced NVIDIA AI Enterprise 5.0 with NVIDIA NIM Inference Microservices — to speed enterprise app development. We announced that nine new supercomputers worldwide are using Grace Hopper Superchips to ignite a new era of AI supercomputing. 25 Gaming revenue for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 was $2.6 billion, up 18% from a year ago and down 8% from the previous quarter. We introduced generative AI for digital humans, NVIDIA ACE for speech and animation, and new RTX technologies; and added support for new models. Professional Visualization revenue for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 was $427 million, up 45% from a year ago and down 8% from the previous quarter. We introduced NVIDIA RTX 500 and 1000 professional Ada generation laptop GPUs; unveiled NVIDIA RTX A400 and A1000 GPUs for desktop workstations, based on the NVIDIA Ampere architecture; and introduced NVIDIA Omniverse Cloud APIs to power industrial digital twin software tools. Automotive revenue for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 was $329 million, up 11% from a year ago and up 17% from the previous quarter. We revealed U.S. and China electric vehicle makers Lucid and IM Motors are using the NVIDIA DRIVE Orin platform; and announced BYD, XPENG, GAC's AION Hyper, Nuro and others will adopt its successor, NVIDIA DRIVE Thor. Financial Information by Business Segment and Geographic Data Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding segment information. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Refer to