and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. This Item generally discusses 2023 and 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. Discussions of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 are not included, and can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 24, 2022. Fiscal Period The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. An additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter every five or six years to realign the Company’s fiscal quarters with calendar quarters, which occurred in the first quarter of 2023. The Company’s fiscal year 2023 spanned 53 weeks, whereas fiscal years 2022 and 2021 spanned 52 weeks each. Fiscal Year Highlights The Company’s total net sales were $383.3 billion and net income was $97.0 billion during 2023. The Company’s total net sales decreased 3% or $11.0 billion during 2023 compared to 2022. The weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar accounted for more than the entire year-over-year decrease in total net sales, which consisted primarily of lower net sales of Mac and iPhone, partially offset by higher net sales of Services. The Company announces new product, service and software offerings at various times during the year. Significant announcements during fiscal year 2023 included the following: First Quarter 2023: • iPad and iPad Pro; • Next-generation Apple TV 4K; and • MLS Season Pass, a Major League Soccer subscription streaming service. Second Quarter 2023: • MacBook Pro 14”, MacBook Pro 16” and Mac mini; and • Second-generation HomePod. Third Quarter 2023: • MacBook Air 15”, Mac Studio and Mac Pro; • Apple Vision Pro™, the Company’s first spatial computer featuring its new visionOS™, expected to be available in early calendar year 2024; and • iOS 17, macOS Sonoma, iPadOS 17, tvOS 17 and watchOS 10, updates to the Company’s operating systems. Fourth Quarter 2023: • iPhone 15, iPhone 15 Plus, iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max; and • Apple Watch Series 9 and Apple Watch Ultra 2. In May 2023, the Company announced a new share repurchase program of up to $90 billion and raised its quarterly dividend from $0.23 to $0.24 per share beginning in May 2023. During 2023, the Company repurchased $76.6 billion of its common stock and paid dividends and dividend equivalents of $15.0 billion. Macroeconomic Conditions Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, changes in interest rates, and currency fluctuations, have directly and indirectly impacted, and could in the future materially impact, the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 20 Segment Operating Performance The following table shows net sales by reportable segment for 2023, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in millions): Americas Americas net sales decreased 4% or $7.1 billion during 2023 compared to 2022 due to lower net sales of iPhone and Mac, partially offset by higher net sales of Services. Europe Europe net sales decreased 1% or $824 million during 2023 compared to 2022. The weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar accounted for more than the entire year-over-year decrease in Europe net sales, which consisted primarily of lower net sales of Mac and Wearables, Home and Accessories, partially offset by higher net sales of iPhone and Services. Greater China Greater China net sales decreased 2% or $1.6 billion during 2023 compared to 2022. The weakness in the renminbi relative to the U.S. dollar accounted for more than the entire year-over-year decrease in Greater China net sales, which consisted primarily of lower net sales of Mac and iPhone. Japan Japan net sales decreased 7% or $1.7 billion during 2023 compared to 2022. The weakness in the yen relative to the U.S. dollar accounted for more than the entire year-over-year decrease in Japan net sales, which consisted primarily of lower net sales of iPhone, Wearables, Home and Accessories and Mac. Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of Asia Pacific net sales increased 1% or $240 million during 2023 compared to 2022. The weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar had a significantly unfavorable year-over-year impact on Rest of Asia Pacific net sales. The net sales increase consisted of higher net sales of iPhone and Services, partially offset by lower net sales of Mac and iPad. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 21 Products and Services Performance The following table shows net sales by category for 2023, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in millions): (1) Products net sales include amortization of the deferred value of unspecified software upgrade rights, which are bundled in the sales price of the respective product. (2) Services net sales include amortization of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products. iPhone iPhone net sales decreased 2% or $4.9 billion during 2023 compared to 2022 due to lower net sales of non-Pro iPhone models, partially offset by higher net sales of Pro iPhone models. Mac Mac net sales decreased 27% or $10.8 billion during 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to lower net sales of laptops. iPad iPad net sales decreased 3% or $1.0 billion during 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to lower net sales of iPad mini and iPad Air, partially offset by the combined net sales of iPad 9th and 10th generation. Wearables, Home and Accessories Wearables, Home and Accessories net sales decreased 3% or $1.4 billion during 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to lower net sales of Wearables and Accessories. Services Services net sales increased 9% or $7.1 billion during 2023 compared to 2022 due to higher net sales across all lines of business. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 22 Gross Margin Products and Services gross margin and gross margin percentage for 2023, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in millions): Products Gross Margin Products gross margin decreased during 2023 compared to 2022 due to the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and lower Products volume, partially offset by cost savings and a different Products mix. Products gross margin percentage increased during 2023 compared to 2022 due to cost savings and a different Products mix, partially offset by the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and decreased leverage. Services Gross Margin Services gross margin increased during 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to higher Services net sales, partially offset by the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and higher Services costs. Services gross margin percentage decreased during 2023 compared to 2022 due to higher Services costs and the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, partially offset by a different Services mix. The Company’s future gross margins can be impacted by a variety of factors, as discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” As a result, the Company believes, in general, gross margins will be subject to volatility and downward pressure. Operating Expenses Operating expenses for 2023, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in millions): Research and Development The year-over-year growth in R&D expense in 2023 was driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses. Selling, General and Administrative Selling, general and administrative expense was relatively flat in 2023 compared to 2022. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 23 Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income taxes, effective tax rate and statutory federal income tax rate for 2023, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in millions): The Company’s effective tax rate for 2023 and 2022 was lower than the statutory federal income tax rate due primarily to a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings, the impact of the U.S. federal R&D credit, and tax benefits from share-based compensation, partially offset by state income taxes. The Company’s effective tax rate for 2023 was lower compared to 2022 due primarily to a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings and the impact of U.S. foreign tax credit regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury in 2022, partially offset by lower tax benefits from share-based compensation. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents and unrestricted marketable securities, which totaled $148.3 billion as of September 30, 2023, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond. The Company’s material cash requirements include the following contractual obligations: Debt As of September 30, 2023, the Company had outstanding fixed-rate notes with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of $106.6 billion (collectively the “Notes”), with $9.9 billion payable within 12 months. Future interest payments associated with the Notes total $41.1 billion, with $2.9 billion payable within 12 months. The Company also issues unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a commercial paper program. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had $6.0 billion of commercial paper outstanding, all of which was payable within 12 months. Leases The Company has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including corporate, data center, manufacturing and retail space. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had fixed lease payment obligations of $15.8 billion, with $2.0 billion payable within 12 months. Manufacturing Purchase Obligations The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for the Company’s products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products. The Company also obtains individual components for its products from a wide variety of individual suppliers. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had manufacturing purchase obligations of $53.1 billion, with $52.9 billion payable within 12 months. The Company’s manufacturing purchase obligations are primarily noncancelable. Other Purchase Obligations The Company’s other purchase obligations primarily consist of noncancelable obligations to acquire capital assets, including assets related to product manufacturing, and noncancelable obligations related to supplier arrangements, licensed intellectual property and content, and distribution rights. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had other purchase obligations of $21.9 billion, with $5.6 billion payable within 12 months. Deemed Repatriation Tax Payable As of September 30, 2023, the balance of the deemed repatriation tax payable imposed by the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “Act”) was $22.0 billion, with $6.5 billion expected to be paid within 12 months. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 24 Capital Return Program In addition to its contractual cash requirements, the Company has an authorized share repurchase program. The program does not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. As of September 30, 2023, the Company’s quarterly cash dividend was $0.24 per share. The Company intends to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the Board of Directors. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and the Company’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company’s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Uncertain Tax Positions The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The evaluation of the Company’s uncertain tax positions involves significant judgment in the interpretation and application of GAAP and complex domestic and international tax laws, including the Act and matters related to the allocation of international taxation rights between countries. Although management believes the Company’s reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these uncertainties will not be different from that which is reflected in the Company’s reserves. Reserves are adjusted considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax examination. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results. Legal and Other Contingencies The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain. The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. Resolution of legal matters in a manner inconsistent with management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 25 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The Company is exposed to economic risk from interest rates and foreign exchange rates. The Company uses various strategies to manage these risks; however, they may still impact the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Interest Rate Risk The Company is primarily exposed to fluctuations in U.S. interest rates and their impact on the Company’s investment portfolio and term debt. Increases in interest rates will negatively affect the fair value of the Company’s investment portfolio and increase the interest expense on the Company’s term debt. To protect against interest rate risk, the Company may use derivative instruments, offset interest rate–sensitive assets and liabilities, or control duration of the investment and term debt portfolios. The following table sets forth potential impacts on the Company’s investment portfolio and term debt, including the effects of any associated derivatives, that would result from a hypothetical increase in relevant interest rates as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 (dollars in millions): Foreign Exchange Rate Risk The Company’s exposure to foreign exchange rate risk relates primarily to the Company being a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively affect the Company’s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in exchange rates may also affect the fair values of certain of the Company’s assets and liabilities. To protect against foreign exchange rate risk, the Company may use derivative instruments, offset exposures, or adjust local currency pricing of its products and services. However, the Company may choose to not hedge certain foreign currency exposures for a variety of reasons, including accounting considerations or prohibitive cost. The Company applied a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to its foreign currency derivative positions to assess the potential impact of fluctuations in exchange rates. The VAR model used a Monte Carlo simulation. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, to the Company’s foreign currency derivative positions due to adverse movements in rates. Based on the results of the model, the Company estimates, with 95% confidence, a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $669 million and $1.0 billion as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, respectively. Changes in the Company’s underlying foreign currency exposures, which were excluded from the assessment, generally offset changes in the fair values of the Company’s foreign currency derivatives. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 26 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 27 Apple Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per-share amounts) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 28 Apple Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In millions) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 29 Apple Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and par value) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 30 Apple Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (In millions, except per-share amounts) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 31 Apple Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 32 Apple Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation and Preparation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Apple Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with GAAP requires the use of management estimates. Certain prior period amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been reclassified to conform to the current period’s presentation. The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. An additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter every five or six years to realign the Company’s fiscal quarters with calendar quarters, which occurred in the first fiscal quarter of 2023. The Company’s fiscal year 2023 spanned 53 weeks, whereas fiscal years 2022 and 2021 spanned 52 weeks each. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months and periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. Revenue The Company records revenue net of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities. Share-Based Compensation The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis for its estimate of equity awards that will ultimately vest. Cash Equivalents All highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are treated as cash equivalents. Marketable Securities The cost of securities sold is determined using the specific identification method. Inventories Inventories are measured using the first-in, first-out method. Property, Plant and Equipment Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is recognized on a straight-line basis. Derivative Instruments The Company presents derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Income Taxes The Company records certain deferred tax assets and liabilities in connection with the minimum tax on certain foreign earnings created by the Act. Leases The Company combines and accounts for lease and nonlease components as a single lease component for leases of corporate, data center and retail facilities. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 33 Note 2 – Revenue The Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it expects to be entitled when control of the products or services is transferred to its customers. Control is generally transferred when the Company has a present right to payment and title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of products or services are transferred to its customers. For most of the Company’s Products net sales, control transfers when products are shipped. For the Company’s Services net sales, control transfers over time as services are delivered. Payment for Products and Services net sales is collected within a short period following transfer of control or commencement of delivery of services, as applicable. The Company records reductions to Products net sales related to future product returns, price protection and other customer incentive programs based on the Company’s expectations and historical experience. For arrangements with multiple performance obligations, which represent promises within an arrangement that are distinct, the Company allocates revenue to all distinct performance obligations based on their relative stand-alone selling prices (“SSPs”). When available, the Company uses observable prices to determine SSPs. When observable prices are not available, SSPs are established that reflect the Company’s best estimates of what the selling prices of the performance obligations would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. The Company’s process for estimating SSPs without observable prices considers multiple factors that may vary depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation including, where applicable, prices charged by the Company for similar offerings, market trends in the pricing for similar offerings, product-specific business objectives and the estimated cost to provide the performance obligation. The Company has identified up to three performance obligations regularly included in arrangements involving the sale of iPhone, Mac, iPad and certain other products. The first performance obligation, which represents the substantial portion of the allocated sales price, is the hardware and bundled software delivered at the time of sale. The second performance obligation is the right to receive certain product-related bundled services, which include iCloud ® , Siri ® and Maps. The third performance obligation is the right to receive, on a when-and-if-available basis, future unspecified software upgrades relating to the software bundled with each device. The Company allocates revenue and any related discounts to these performance obligations based on their relative SSPs. Because the Company lacks observable prices for the undelivered performance obligations, the allocation of revenue is based on the Company’s estimated SSPs. Revenue allocated to the delivered hardware and bundled software is recognized when control has transferred to the customer, which generally occurs when the product is shipped. Revenue allocated to the product-related bundled services and unspecified software upgrade rights is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated period they are expected to be provided. For certain long-term service arrangements, the Company has performance obligations for services it has not yet delivered. For these arrangements, the Company does not have a right to bill for the undelivered services. The Company has determined that any unbilled consideration relates entirely to the value of the undelivered services. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized revenue, and does not disclose amounts, related to these undelivered services. For the sale of third-party products where the Company obtains control of the product before transferring it to the customer, the Company recognizes revenue based on the gross amount billed to customers. The Company considers multiple factors when determining whether it obtains control of third-party products, including evaluating if it can establish the price of the product, retains inventory risk for tangible products or has the responsibility for ensuring acceptability of the product. For third-party applications sold through the App Store, the Company does not obtain control of the product before transferring it to the customer. Therefore, the Company accounts for all third-party application–related sales on a net basis by recognizing in Services net sales only the commission it retains. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 34 Net sales disaggregated by significant products and services for 2023, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in millions): (1) Products net sales include amortization of the deferred value of unspecified software upgrade rights, which are bundled in the sales price of the respective product. (2) Services net sales include amortization of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products. Total net sales include $ 8.2 billion of revenue recognized in 2023 that was included in deferred revenue as of September 24, 2022, $ 7.5 billion of revenue recognized in 2022 that was included in deferred revenue as of September 25, 2021, and $ 6.7 billion of revenue recognized in 2021 that was included in deferred revenue as of September 26, 2020. The Company’s proportion of net sales by disaggregated revenue source was generally consistent for each reportable segment in Note 13, “Segment Information and Geographic Data” for 2023, 2022 and 2021, except in Greater China, where iPhone revenue represented a moderately higher proportion of net sales. As of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, the Company had total deferred revenue of $ 12.1 billion and $ 12.4 billion, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, the Company expects 67 % of total deferred revenue to be realized in less than a year, 25 % within one-to-two years, 7 % within two-to-three years and 1 % in greater than three years. Note 3 – Earnings Per Share The following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for 2023, 2022 and 2021 (net income in millions and shares in thousands): Approximately 24 million restricted stock units (“RSUs”) were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for 2023 because their effect would have been antidilutive. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 35 Note 4 – Financial Instruments Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities The following tables show the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities by significant investment category as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 (in millions): (1) The valuation techniques used to measure the fair values of the Company’s Level 2 financial instruments, which generally have counterparties with high credit ratings, are based on quoted market prices or model-driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. (2) As of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, total marketable securities included $ 13.8 billion and $ 12.7 billion, respectively, that were restricted from general use, related to the State Aid Decision (refer to Note 7, “Income Taxes”) and other agreements. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 36 The following table shows the fair value of the Company’s non-current marketable debt securities, by contractual maturity, as of September 30, 2023 (in millions): The Company’s investments in marketable debt securities have been classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. The Company classifies marketable debt securities as either current or non-current based solely on each instrument’s underlying contractual maturity date. Derivative Instruments and Hedging The Company may use derivative instruments to partially offset its business exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risk. However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain exposures for a variety of reasons including accounting considerations or the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. There can be no assurance the hedges will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in foreign exchange or interest rates. The Company classifies cash flows related to derivative instruments in the same section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as the items being hedged, which are generally classified as operating activities. Foreign Exchange Rate Risk To protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the Company may use forwards, options or other instruments, and may designate these instruments as cash flow hedges. The Company generally hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and inventory purchases, typically for up to 12 months. To protect the Company’s foreign currency–denominated term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the Company may use forwards, cross-currency swaps or other instruments. The Company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. As of September 30, 2023, the maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for term debt–related foreign currency transactions is 19 years. The Company may also use derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges to protect gross margins from certain fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, as well as to offset a portion of the foreign currency gains and losses generated by the remeasurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. Interest Rate Risk To protect the Company’s term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in interest rates, the Company may use interest rate swaps, options or other instruments. The Company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. The notional amounts of the Company’s outstanding derivative instruments as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 were as follows (in millions): Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 37 The gross fair values of the Company’s derivative assets and liabilities as of September 24, 2022 were as follows (in millions): (1) Derivative assets are measured using Level 2 fair value inputs and are included in other current assets and other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. (2) Derivative liabilities are measured using Level 2 fair value inputs and are included in other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The derivative assets above represent the Company’s gross credit exposure if all counterparties failed to perform. To mitigate credit risk, the Company generally uses collateral security arrangements that provide for collateral to be received or posted when the net fair values of certain derivatives fluctuate from contractually established thresholds. To further limit credit risk, the Company generally uses master netting arrangements with the respective counterparties to the Company’s derivative contracts, under which the Company is allowed to settle transactions with a single net amount payable by one party to the other. As of September 24, 2022, the potential effects of these rights of set-off associated with the Company’s derivative contracts, including the effects of collateral, would be a reduction to both derivative assets and derivative liabilities of $ 7.8 billion, resulting in a net derivative asset of $ 412 million. The carrying amounts of the Company’s hedged items in fair value hedges as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 were as follows (in millions): Accounts Receivable Trade Receivables As of September 24, 2022, the Company had one customer that represented 10% or more of total trade receivables, which accounted for 10 %. The Company’s third-party cellular network carriers accounted for 41 % and 44 % of total trade receivables as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, respectively. The Company requires third-party credit support or collateral from certain customers to limit credit risk. Vendor Non-Trade Receivables The Company has non-trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing vendors resulting from the sale of components to these vendors who manufacture subassemblies or assemble final products for the Company. The Company purchases these components directly from suppliers. The Company does not reflect the sale of these components in products net sales. Rather, the Company recognizes any gain on these sales as a reduction of products cost of sales when the related final products are sold by the Company. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had two vendors that individually represented 10% or more of total vendor non-trade receivables, which accounted for 48 % and 23 %. As of September 24, 2022, the Company had two vendors that individually represented 10% or more of total vendor non-trade receivables, which accounted for 54 % and 13 %. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 38 Note 5 – Property, Plant and Equipment The following table shows the Company’s gross property, plant and equipment by major asset class and accumulated depreciation as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 (in millions): Depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment was $ 8.5 billion, $ 8.7 billion and $ 9.5 billion during 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Note 6 – Consolidated Financial Statement Details The following tables show the Company’s consolidated financial statement details as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 (in millions): Other Non-Current Assets Other Current Liabilities Other Non-Current Liabilities Other Income/(Expense), Net The following table shows the detail of other income/(expense), net for 2023, 2022 and 2021 (in millions): Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 39 Note 7 – Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes and Effective Tax Rate The provision for income taxes for 2023, 2022 and 2021, consisted of the following (in millions): The foreign provision for income taxes is based on foreign pretax earnings of $ 72.9 billion, $ 71.3 billion and $ 68.7 billion in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate ( 21 % in 2023, 2022 and 2021) to income before provision for income taxes for 2023, 2022 and 2021, is as follows (dollars in millions): Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 40 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities As of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, the significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities were (in millions): As of September 30, 2023, the Company had $ 5.2 billion in foreign tax credit carryforwards in Ireland and $ 3.0 billion in California R&D credit carryforwards, both of which can be carried forward indefinitely. A valuation allowance has been recorded for the credit carryforwards and a portion of other temporary differences. Uncertain Tax Positions As of September 30, 2023, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $ 19.5 billion, of which $ 9.5 billion, if recognized, would impact the Company’s effective tax rate. As of September 24, 2022, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $ 16.8 billion, of which $ 8.0 billion, if recognized, would have impacted the Company’s effective tax rate. The aggregate change in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits, which excludes interest and penalties, for 2023, 2022 and 2021, is as follows (in millions): The Company is subject to taxation and files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisd ictions. Tax years after 2017 for the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and after 2014 in certain major foreign jurisdictions, remain subject to examination. Altho ugh the timing of resolution or closure of examinations is not certain, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that its gross unrecognized tax benefits could decrease in the next 12 months by as much as $ 4.5 billion. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 41 European Commission State Aid Decision On August 30, 2016, the European Commission announced its decision that Ireland granted state aid to the Company by providing tax opinions in 1991 and 2007 concerning the tax allocation of profits of the Irish branches of two subsidiaries of the Company (the “State Aid Decision”). The State Aid Decision ordered Ireland to calculate and recover additional taxes from the Company for the period June 2003 through December 2014. Irish legislative changes, effective as of January 2015, eliminated the application of the tax opinions from that date forward. The recovery amount was calculated to be € 13.1 billion, plus interest of € 1.2 billion. The Company and Ireland appealed the State Aid Decision to the General Court of the Court of Justice of the European Union (the “General Court”). On July 15, 2020, the General Court annulled the State Aid Decision. On September 25, 2020, the European Commission appealed the General Court’s decision to the European Court of Justice (the “ECJ”) and a hearing was held on May 23, 2023. A decision from the ECJ is expected in calendar year 2024. The Company believes it would be eligible to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit for a portion of any incremental Irish corporate income taxes potentially due related to the State Aid Decision. On an annual basis, the Company may request approval from the Irish Minister for Finance to reduce the recovery amount for certain taxes paid to other countries. As of September 30, 2023, the adjusted recovery amount was € 12.7 billion, excluding interest. The adjusted recovery amount plus interest is funded into escrow, where it will remain restricted from general use pending the conclusion of all legal proceedings. Refer to the Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities section of Note 4, “Financial Instruments” for more information. Note 8 – Leases The Company has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including corporate, data center, manufacturing and retail space. These leases typically have original terms not exceeding 10 years and generally contain multiyear renewal options, some of which are reasonably certain of exercise. Payments under the Company’s lease arrangements may be fixed or variable, and variable lease payments are primarily based on purchases of output of the underlying leased assets. Lease costs associated with fixed payments on the Company’s operating leases were $ 2.0 billion, $ 1.9 billion and $ 1.7 billion for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Lease costs associated with variable payments on the Company’s leases were $ 13.9 billion, $ 14.9 billion and $ 12.9 billion for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company made $ 1.9 billion, $ 1.8 billion and $ 1.4 billion of fixed cash payments related to operating leases in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Noncash activities involving right-of-use (“ROU”) assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities were $ 2.1 billion, $ 2.8 billion and $ 3.3 billion for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table shows ROU assets and lease liabilities, and the associated financial statement line items, as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 (in millions): Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 42 Lease liability maturities as of September 30, 2023, are as follows (in millions): The weighted-average remaining lease term related to the Company’s lease liabilities as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 was 10.6 years and 10.1 years, respectively. The discount rate related to the Company’s lease liabilities as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 was 3.0 % and 2.3 %, respectively. The discount rates related to the Company’s lease liabilities are generally based on estimates of the Company’s incremental borrowing rate, as the discount rates implicit in the Company’s leases cannot be readily determined. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had $ 544 million of future payments under additional leases, primarily for corporate facilities and retail space, that had not yet commenced. These leases will commence between 2024 and 2026, with lease terms ranging from 1 year to 21 years. Note 9 – Debt Commercial Paper The Company issues unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a commercial paper program. The Company uses net proceeds from the commercial paper program for general corporate purposes, including dividends and share repurchases. As of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, the Company had $ 6.0 billion and $ 10.0 billion of commercial paper outstanding, respectively, with maturities generally less than nine months . The weighted-average interest rate of the Company’s commercial paper was 5.28 % and 2.31 % as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, respectively. The following table provides a summary of cash flows associated with the issuance and maturities of commercial paper for 2023, 2022 and 2021 (in millions): Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 43 Term Debt The Company has outstanding Notes, which are senior unsecured obligations with interest payable in arrears. The following table provides a summary of the Company’s term debt as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022: To manage interest rate risk on certain of its U.S. dollar–denominated fixed-rate notes, the Company uses interest rate swaps to effectively convert the fixed interest rates to floating interest rates on a portion of these notes. Additionally, to manage foreign exchange rate risk on certain of its foreign currency–denominated notes, the Company uses cross-currency swaps to effectively convert these notes to U.S. dollar–denominated notes. The effective interest rates for the Notes include the interest on the Notes, amortization of the discount or premium and, if applicable, adjustments related to hedging. The Company recognized $ 3.7 billion, $ 2.8 billion and $ 2.6 billion of interest expense on its term debt for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The future principal payments for the Company’s Notes as of September 30, 2023, are as follows (in millions): As of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, the fair value of the Company’s Notes, based on Level 2 inputs, was $ 90.8 billion and $ 98.8 billion, respectively. Note 10 – Shareholders’ Equity Share Repurchase Program During 2023, the Company repurchased 471 million shares of its common stock for $ 76.6 billion, excluding excise tax due under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The Company’s share repurchase programs do not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. Under the programs, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 44 Shares of Common Stock The following table shows the changes in shares of common stock for 2023, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): Note 11 – Share-Based Compensation 2022 Employee Stock Plan The Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan (the “2022 Plan”) is a shareholder-approved plan that provides for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers, and permits the granting of RSUs, stock grants, performance-based awards, stock options and stock appreciation rights. RSUs granted under the 2022 Plan generally vest over four years , based on continued employment, and are settled upon vesting in shares of the Company’s common stock on a one -for-one basis. All RSUs granted under the 2022 Plan have dividend equivalent rights, which entitle holders of RSUs to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock. A maximum of approximately 1.3 billion shares were authorized for issuance pursuant to 2022 Plan awards at the time the plan was approved on March 4, 2022. 2014 Employee Stock Plan The Apple Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Plan (the “2014 Plan”) is a shareholder-approved plan that provided for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers. The 2014 Plan permitted the granting of substantially the same types of equity awards with substantially the same terms as the 2022 Plan. The 2014 Plan also permitted the granting of cash bonus awards. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company terminated the authority to grant new awards under the 2014 Plan. Restricted Stock Units A summary of the Company’s RSU activity and related information for 2023, 2022 and 2021, is as follows: The fair value as of the respective vesting dates of RSUs was $ 15.9 billion, $ 18.2 billion and $ 19.0 billion for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The majority of RSUs that vested in 2023, 2022 and 2021 were net share settled such that the Company withheld shares with a value equivalent to the employees’ obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. The total shares withheld were approximately 37 million, 41 million and 53 million for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were based on the value of the RSUs on their respective vesting dates as determined by the Company’s closing stock price. Total payments to taxing authorities for employees’ tax obligations were $ 5.6 billion, $ 6.4 billion and $ 6.8 billion in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 45 Share-Based Compensation The following table shows share-based compensation expense and the related income tax benefit included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2023, 2022 and 2021 (in millions): As of September 30, 2023, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding RSUs was $ 18.6 billion, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of 2.5 years. Note 12 – Commitments, Contingencies and Supply Concentrations Unconditional Purchase Obligations The Company has entered into certain off–balance sheet commitments that require the future purchase of goods or services (“unconditional purchase obligations”). The Company’s unconditional purchase obligations primarily consist of supplier arrangements, licensed intellectual property and content, and distribution rights. Future payments under noncancelable unconditional purchase obligations with a remaining term in excess of one year as of September 30, 2023, are as follows (in millions): Contingencies The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and that have not been fully resolved. The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concerning loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims. Concentrations in the Available Sources of Supply of Materials and Product Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. The Company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and significant commodity pricing fluctuations. The Company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements. Substantially all of the Company’s hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 46 Note 13 – Segment Information and Geographic Data The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. Americas includes both North and South America. Europe includes European countries, as well as India, the Middle East and Africa. Greater China includes China mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Rest of Asia Pacific includes Australia and those Asian countries not included in the Company’s other reportable segments. Although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region. The Company evaluates the performance of its reportable segments based on net sales and operating income. Net sales for geographic segments are generally based on the location of customers and sales through the Company’s retail stores located in those geographic locations. Operating income for each segment consists of net sales to third parties, related cost of sales, and operating expenses directly attributable to the segment. The information provided to the Company’s chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions and assessing segment performance excludes asset information. The following table shows information by reportable segment for 2023, 2022 and 2021 (in millions): A reconciliation of the Company’s segment operating income to the Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2023, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in millions): (1) Includes corporate marketing expenses, certain share-based compensation expenses, various nonrecurring charges, and other separately managed general and administrative costs. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 47 The U.S. and China were the only countries that accounted for more than 10% of the Company’s net sales in 2023, 2022 and 2021. Net sales for 2023, 2022 and 2021 and long-lived assets as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 were as follows (in millions): (1) China includes Hong Kong and Taiwan. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 48 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apple Inc. as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Apple Inc. at September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the “PCAOB”), Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 2, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of Apple Inc.’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Apple Inc.’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Apple Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 49 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP We have served as Apple Inc.’s auditor since 2009. San Jose, California November 2, 2023 Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 50 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc. Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the “COSO criteria”). In our opinion, Apple Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the “PCAOB”), the consolidated balance sheets of Apple Inc. as of September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated November 2, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion Apple Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Apple Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP San Jose, California November 2, 2023 Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 51 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were effective as of September 30, 2023 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Inherent Limitations over Internal Controls The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company’s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that the Company’s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company’s management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company’s internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the Company’s assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an audit report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2023, which were identified in connection with management’s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 52 Item 9B. Other Information Insider Trading Arrangements On August 30, 2023 , Deirdre O’Brien , the Company’s Senior Vice President, Retail , and Jeff Williams , the Company’s Chief Operating Officer , each entered into a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. The plans provide for the sale of all shares vested during the duration of the plans pursuant to certain equity awards granted to Ms. O’Brien and Mr. Williams, respectively, excluding any shares withheld by the Company to satisfy income tax withholding and remittance obligations. Ms. O’Brien’s plan will expire on October 15, 2024, and Mr. Williams’ plan will expire on December 15, 2024, subject to early termination for certain specified events set forth in the plans. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by this Item will be included in the Company’s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2023, in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company’s 2024 annual meeting of shareholders (the “2024 Proxy Statement”), and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this Item will be included in the 2024 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this Item will be included in the 2024 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this Item will be included in the 2024 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required by this Item will be included in the 2024 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 53 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Documents filed as part of this report (1) All financial statements * Ernst & Young LLP, PCAOB Firm ID No. 000 42 . (2) Financial Statement Schedules All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Form 10-K. (3) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K (1) Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 54 Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 55 Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 56 * Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. ** Filed herewith. *** Furnished herewith. (1) Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Registrant are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any such instruments. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 57 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Power of Attorney KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Timothy D. Cook and Luca Maestri, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 58