The business, financial condition and operating results of the Company can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited to those described in Part I, Item 1A of the 2020 Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors,” any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause the Company’s actual financial condition and operating results to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial condition and operating results. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, operating results and stock price. There have been no material changes to the Company’s risk factors since the 2020 Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers Share repurchase activity during the three months ended June 26, 2021 was as follows (in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per share amounts): (1) As of June 26, 2021, the Company was authorized to purchase up to $315 billion of the Company’s common stock under the Program, announced on April 28, 2021, of which $234.1 billion had been utilized. The remaining $80.9 billion in the table represents the amount available to repurchase shares under the Program as of June 26, 2021. The Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the Program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. (2) In May 2021, the Company entered into a new ASR. Under the terms of the agreement, a financial institution committed to deliver shares of the Company’s stock during the purchase period in exchange for an up-front payment of $5.0 billion. The total number of shares ultimately delivered under the ASR, and therefore the average repurchase price paid per share, is determined based on the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s common stock during the ASR’s purchase period, which will end in or before August 2021. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Apple Inc. | Q3 2021 Form 10-Q | 31 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act Under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, the Company is required to disclose in its periodic reports if it or any of its affiliates knowingly conducted a transaction or dealing with entities or individuals designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. On March 2, 2021, the U.S. Secretary of State designated the Russian Federal Security Service (the “FSB”) as a blocked party under Executive Order 13382. On the same day, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control updated General License No. 1B to authorize transactions and activities with the FSB that are necessary and ordinarily incident to requesting, receiving, utilizing, paying for, or dealing in certain licenses, permits, certifications or notifications issued or registered by the FSB for the importation, distribution or use of certain information technology products in the Russian Federation. In the three-month period ended June 26, 2021, the Company filed legally required administrative notifications with the FSB in connection with the importation of the Company’s products into the Russian Federation, as permitted by General License No. 1B. The Company did not make any payments, nor did it receive gross revenues or net profits, in connection with such engagement. The Company may in the future engage with the FSB for activities necessary to conduct business in the Russian Federation, in accordance with applicable U.S. laws and regulations. Item 6. Exhibits * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. Apple Inc. | Q3 2021 Form 10-Q | 32 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Apple Inc. | Q3 2021 Form 10-Q | 33