AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of Microsoft Corporation. MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). This section generally discusses the results of our operations for the year ended June 30, 2024 compared to the year ended June 30, 2023. For a discussion of the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, please refer to Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. OVERVIEW Microsoft is a technology company committed to making digital technology and artificial intelligence (“AI”) available broadly and doing so responsibly, with a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We create platforms and tools, powered by AI, that deliver innovative solutions that meet the evolving needs of our customers. We generate revenue by offering a wide range of cloud-based solutions, content, and other services to people and businesses; licensing and supporting an array of software products; delivering relevant online advertising to a global audience; and designing and selling devices. Our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees; supporting and investing in our cloud-based services, including datacenter operations; designing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling our other products and services; and income taxes. Highlights from fiscal year 2024 compared with fiscal year 2023 included: • Microsoft Cloud revenue increased 23% to $137.4 billion. • Office Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 14% driven by Office 365 Commercial growth of 16%. • Office Consumer products and cloud services revenue increased 4% and Microsoft 365 Consumer subscribers grew to 82.5 million. • LinkedIn revenue increased 9%. • Dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased 19% driven by Dynamics 365 growth of 24%. • Server products and cloud services revenue increased 22% driven by Azure and other cloud services growth of 30%. • Windows revenue increased 8% with Windows original equipment manufacturer licensing (“Windows OEM”) revenue growth of 7% and Windows Commercial products and cloud services revenue growth of 11%. • Devices revenue decreased 15%. • Xbox content and services revenue increased 50% driven by 44 points of net impact from the Activision Blizzard Inc. (“Activision Blizzard”) acquisition. The net impact reflects the change of Activision Blizzard content from third-party to first-party. • Search and news advertising revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 12%. On October 13, 2023, we completed our acquisition of Activision Blizzard for a total purchase price of $75.4 billion, consisting primarily of cash. The financial results of Activision Blizzard have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. Activision Blizzard is reported as part of our More Personal Computing segment. Refer to Note 8 – Business Combinations of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for further discussion. 39 PART II Item 7 Industry Trends Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. Economic Conditions, Challenges, and Risks The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. Our competitors are developing new software and devices, while also deploying competing cloud-based services for consumers and businesses. The devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly, influencing how users access services in the cloud and, in some cases, the user’s choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is also correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The investments we are making in cloud and AI infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We continue to identify and evaluate opportunities to expand our datacenter locations and increase our server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for AI services. Our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units (“GPUs”) and other components. Our devices are primarily manufactured by third-party contract manufacturers. For the majority of our products, we have the ability to use other manufacturers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or unable to meet our requirements. However, some of our products contain certain components for which there are very few qualified suppliers. Extended disruptions at these suppliers could impact our ability to manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We hire a mix of university and industry talent worldwide. We compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one’s career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits. Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. Many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. Fluctuations in the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies did not have a material impact on reported revenue and expenses from our international operations in fiscal year 2024. Refer to Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K) for a discussion of these factors and other risks. Seasonality Our revenue fluctuates quarterly and is generally higher in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. Fourth quarter revenue is driven by a higher volume of multi-year contracts executed during the period. Change in Accounting Estimate In July 2022, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our server and network equipment. Due to investments in software that increased efficiencies in how we operate our server and network equipment, as well as advances in technology, we determined we should increase the estimated useful lives of both server and network equipment from four years to six years. This change in accounting estimate was effective beginning fiscal year 2023. 40 PART II Item 7 Reportable Segments We report our financial performance based on the following segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. The segment amounts included in MD&A are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting. Additional information on our reportable segments is contained in Note 19 – Segment Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). Metrics We use metrics in assessing the performance of our business and to make informed decisions regarding the allocation of resources. We disclose metrics to enable investors to evaluate progress against our ambitions, provide transparency into performance trends, and reflect the continued evolution of our products and services. Our commercial and other business metrics are fundamentally connected based on how customers use our products and services. The metrics are disclosed in the MD&A or the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). Financial metrics are calculated based on financial results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), and growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period of last fiscal year. In the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, we made updates to the presentation and method of calculation for certain metrics, revising our Microsoft Cloud revenue metric to include revenue growth and expanding our Microsoft 365 Consumer subscribers metric to include Microsoft 365 Basic subscribers, aligning with how we manage our business. Commercial Our commercial business primarily consists of Server products and cloud services, Office Commercial, Windows Commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, Enterprise and partner services, and Dynamics. Our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance. 41 PART II Item 7 Productivity and Business Processes and Intelligent Cloud Metrics related to our Productivity and Business Processes and Intelligent Cloud segments assess the health of our core businesses within these segments. The metrics reflect our cloud and on-premises product strategies and trends. More Personal Computing Metrics related to our More Personal Computing segment assess the performance of key lines of business within this segment. These metrics provide strategic product insights which allow us to assess the performance across our commercial and consumer businesses. As we have diversity of target audiences and sales motions within the Windows business, we monitor metrics that are reflective of those varying motions. 42 PART II Item 7 SUMMARY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Adjusted gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) are non-GAAP financial measures. Prior year non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of a $1.2 billion charge in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 (“Q2 charge”), which included employee severance expenses, impairment charges resulting from changes to our hardware portfolio, and costs related to lease consolidation activities. Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for a reconciliation of our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. Fiscal Year 2024 Compared with Fiscal Year 2023 Revenue increased $33.2 billion or 16% driven by growth across each of our segments. Intelligent Cloud revenue increased driven by Azure. Productivity and Business Processes revenue increased driven by Office 365 Commercial. More Personal Computing revenue increased driven by Gaming. Cost of revenue increased $8.3 billion or 13% driven by growth in Microsoft Cloud and Gaming, offset in part by a decline in Devices. Gross margin increased $25.0 billion or 17% driven by growth across each of our segments. • Gross margin percentage increased slightly. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate for the useful lives of our server and network equipment, gross margin percentage increased 2 points driven by improvement in More Personal Computing. • Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage decreased slightly to 71%. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage increased slightly driven by improvements in Azure and Office 365 Commercial, inclusive of scaling our AI infrastructure, offset in part by sales mix shift to Azure. Operating expenses increased $4.0 billion or 7% driven by Gaming, with 7 points of growth from the Activision Blizzard acquisition, and investments in cloud engineering, offset in part by the prior year Q2 charge. Operating income increased $20.9 billion or 24% driven by growth across each of our segments. Prior year gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted EPS were negatively impacted by the Q2 charge, which resulted in decreases of $152 million, $1.2 billion, $946 million, and $0.13, respectively. 43 PART II Item 7 SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Reportable Segments Fiscal Year 2024 Compared with Fiscal Year 2023 Productivity and Business Processes Revenue increased $8.5 billion or 12%. • Office Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased $5.8 billion or 14%. Office 365 Commercial revenue grew 16% with seat growth of 7%, driven by small and medium business and frontline worker offerings, as well as growth in revenue per user. Office Commercial products revenue declined 16% driven by continued customer shift to cloud offerings. • Office Consumer products and cloud services revenue increased $237 million or 4%. Microsoft 365 Consumer subscribers grew 10% to 82.5 million. • LinkedIn revenue increased $1.4 billion or 9% driven by growth across all lines of business – Talent Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, Marketing Solutions, and Sales Solutions. • Dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased $1.0 billion or 19% driven by Dynamics 365. Dynamics 365 revenue grew 24% driven by growth across all workloads. Operating income increased $6.4 billion or 19%. • Gross margin increased $6.5 billion or 12% driven by growth in Office 365 Commercial. Gross margin percentage decreased slightly. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross margin percentage increased slightly driven by improvement in Office 365 Commercial. • Operating expenses increased $159 million or 1%. Intelligent Cloud Revenue increased $17.5 billion or 20%. • Server products and cloud services revenue increased $17.8 billion or 22% driven by Azure and other cloud services. Azure and other cloud services revenue grew 30% driven by growth in our consumption-based services. Server products revenue increased 3% driven by continued demand for our hybrid solutions, including Windows Server and SQL Server running in multi-cloud environments. • Enterprise and partner services revenue decreased $306 million or 4% driven by declines in Enterprise Support Services and Industry Solutions. 44 PART II Item 7 Operating income increased $11.7 billion or 31%. • Gross margin increased $11.6 billion or 19% driven by growth in Azure. Gross margin percentage decreased slightly. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross margin percentage increased slightly primarily driven by improvement in Azure, inclusive of scaling our AI infrastructure, offset in part by sales mix shift to Azure. • Operating expenses decreased slightly primarily driven by the prior year Q2 charge, offset in part by investments in Azure. More Personal Computing Revenue increased $7.3 billion or 13%. • Windows revenue increased $1.7 billion or 8% driven by growth in Windows Commercial and Windows OEM. Windows Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 11% driven by demand for Microsoft 365. Windows OEM revenue increased 7%. • Gaming revenue increased $6.0 billion or 39% driven by growth in Xbox content and services. Xbox content and services revenue increased 50% driven by 44 points of net impact from the Activision Blizzard acquisition. Xbox hardware revenue decreased 13% driven by lower volume of consoles sold. • Search and news advertising revenue increased $418 million or 3%. Search and news advertising revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 12% driven by higher search volume. • Devices revenue decreased $815 million or 15%. Operating income increased $2.9 billion or 17%. • Gross margin increased $6.8 billion or 23% driven by growth in Gaming, with 10 points of net impact from the Activision Blizzard acquisition, as well as growth in Windows. Gross margin percentage increased driven by sales mix shift to higher margin businesses and improvement in Devices. • Operating expenses increased $3.9 billion or 31% driven by Gaming, with 34 points of growth from the Activision Blizzard acquisition. OPERATING EXPENSES Research and Development Research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. Research and development expenses also include third-party development and programming costs and the amortization of purchased software code and services content. Fiscal Year 2024 Compared with Fiscal Year 2023 Research and development expenses increased $2.3 billion or 9% driven by Gaming, with 7 points of growth from the Activision Blizzard acquisition, and investments in cloud engineering. Sales and Marketing 45 PART II Item 7 Sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs. Fiscal Year 2024 Compared with Fiscal Year 2023 Sales and marketing expenses increased $1.7 billion or 7% driven by Gaming, with 6 points of growth from the Activision Blizzard acquisition. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, employee severance expense incurred as part of a corporate program, and other headcount-related expenses associated with finance, legal, facilities, certain human resources and other administrative personnel, certain taxes, and legal and other administrative fees. Fiscal Year 2024 Compared with Fiscal Year 2023 General and administrative expenses increased slightly as growth from the Activision Blizzard acquisition was offset in part by the prior year Q2 charge. OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET The components of other income (expense), net were as follows: We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, interest rates, equity prices, and credit; to enhance investment returns; and to facilitate portfolio diversification. Gains and losses from changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are primarily recognized in other income (expense), net. Fiscal Year 2024 Compared with Fiscal Year 2023 Interest and dividends income increased due to higher yields. Interest expense increased due to the issuance of commercial paper. Net recognized losses on investments increased primarily due to higher equity impairments and lower gains on equity investments. Net losses on derivatives decreased primarily due to lower losses on equity derivatives. Other, net primarily reflects net recognized losses on equity method investments. 46 PART II Item 7 INCOME TAXES Effective Tax Rate Our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2024 and 2023 was 18% and 19%, respectively. The decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily due to tax benefits from tax law changes, including the impact from the issuance of Notice 2023-55 and Notice 2023-80 by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and U.S. Treasury Department. Notice 2023-55, issued in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, delayed the effective date of final foreign tax credit regulations to fiscal year 2024 for Microsoft. Notice 2023-80, issued in the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, further delayed the effective date of final foreign tax credit regulations indefinitely. Our effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations center in Ireland. The mix of income before income taxes between the U.S. and foreign countries impacted our effective tax rate as a result of the geographic distribution of, and customer demand for, our products and services. In fiscal year 2024, our U.S. income before income taxes was $62.9 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $44.9 billion. In fiscal year 2023, our U.S. income before income taxes was $52.9 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $36.4 billion. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) published its model rules “Tax Challenges Arising From the Digitalisation of the Economy - Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two)” which established a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15% for certain multinational enterprises. Many countries have implemented or are in the process of implementing the Pillar Two legislation, which will apply to Microsoft beginning in fiscal year 2025. While we do not currently estimate a material impact to our consolidated financial statements, we continue to monitor the impact as countries implement legislation and the OECD provides additional guidance. Uncertain Tax Positions We remain under audit by the IRS for tax years 2014 to 2017. With respect to the audit for tax years 2004 to 2013, on September 26, 2023, we received Notices of Proposed Adjustment (“NOPAs”) from the IRS. The primary issues in the NOPAs relate to intercompany transfer pricing. In the NOPAs, the IRS is seeking an additional tax payment of $28.9 billion plus penalties and interest. As of June 30, 2024, we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. We disagree with the proposed adjustments and will vigorously contest the NOPAs through the IRS’s administrative appeals office and, if necessary, judicial proceedings. We do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months. Based on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our income tax contingencies for these issues within the next 12 months. We are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the U.S. Our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2023, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. The resolution of each of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES Adjusted gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures. Prior year non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of the Q2 charge, which includes employee severance expenses, impairment charges resulting from changes to our hardware portfolio, and costs related to lease consolidation activities. We believe these non-GAAP measures aid investors by providing additional insight into our operational performance and help clarify trends affecting our business. For comparability of reporting, management considers non-GAAP measures in conjunction with GAAP financial results in evaluating business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures presented should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. 47 PART II Item 7 The following table reconciles our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP to non-GAAP financial results: * Not meaningful. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as dividends, share repurchases, debt maturities, material capital expenditures, and the transition tax related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”), for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Investments Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $75.5 billion and $111.3 billion as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Equity and other investments were $14.6 billion and $9.9 billion as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our short-term investments are primarily intended to facilitate liquidity and capital preservation. They consist predominantly of highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. The investments are predominantly U.S. dollar-denominated securities, but also include foreign currency-denominated securities to diversify risk. Our fixed-income investments are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk. The credit risk and average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio are managed to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain fixed-income indices. The settlement risk related to these investments is insignificant given that the short-term investments held are primarily highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities. Valuation In general, and where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine the fair value of our financial instruments. This pricing methodology applies to our Level 1 investments, such as U.S. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. If quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then we use quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities or inputs other than the quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. This pricing methodology applies to our Level 2 investments, such as commercial paper, certificates of deposit, U.S. agency securities, foreign government bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities. Level 3 investments are valued using internally-developed models with unobservable inputs. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs are an immaterial portion of our portfolio. 48 PART II Item 7 A majority of our investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally Level 1 or Level 2 investments as these vendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. Broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by our pricing vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment trades. Our broker-priced investments are generally classified as Level 2 investments because the broker prices these investments based on similar assets without applying significant adjustments. In addition, all our broker-priced investments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these investments. Our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. These controls include model validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations, and independent recalculation of prices where appropriate. Cash Flows Cash from operations increased $31.0 billion to $118.5 billion for fiscal year 2024, primarily due to an increase in cash received from customers. Cash used in financing decreased $6.2 billion to $37.8 billion for fiscal year 2024, primarily due to a $5.0 billion decrease in common stock repurchases and a $3.3 billion increase in proceeds from issuance of debt, net of repayments, offset in part by a $2.0 billion increase in dividends paid. Cash used in investing increased $74.3 billion to $97.0 billion for fiscal year 2024, primarily due to a $67.5 billion increase in cash used for acquisitions of companies, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible and other assets and a $16.4 billion increase in additions to property and equipment. Debt Proceeds We issue debt to take advantage of favorable pricing and liquidity in the debt markets, reflecting our credit rating. The proceeds of these issuances were or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, repurchases of capital stock, acquisitions, and repayment of existing debt. Refer to Note 11 – Debt of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for further discussion. Unearned Revenue Unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs, which may include Software Assurance (“SA”) and cloud services. Unearned revenue is generally invoiced annually at the beginning of each contract period for multi-year agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. Unearned revenue also includes payments for other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service. Refer to Note 1 – Accounting Policies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for further discussion. The following table outlines the expected future recognition of unearned revenue as of June 30, 2024: If our customers choose to license cloud-based versions of our products and services rather than licensing transaction-based products and services, the associated revenue will shift from being recognized at the time of the transaction to being recognized over the subscription period or upon consumption, as applicable. Refer to Note 13 – Unearned Revenue of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for further discussion. 49 PART II Item 7 Material Cash Requirements and Other Obligations Contractual Obligations The following table summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of June 30, 2024: (a) Refer to Note 11 – Debt of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). (b) Refer to Note 7 – Property and Equipment of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). (c) Refer to Note 14 – Leases of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). (d) Purchase commitments primarily relate to datacenters and include open purchase orders and take-or-pay contracts that are not presented as construction commitments above. Income Taxes As a result of the TCJA, we are required to pay a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign income not previously subject to U.S. income tax. Under the TCJA, the transition tax is payable in interest-free installments over eight years, with 8% due in each of the first five years, 15% in year six, 20% in year seven, and 25% in year eight. As of June 30, 2024, we had a remaining transition tax liability of $7.6 billion, of which $3.8 billion is short-term and payable in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. Share Repurchases During fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we repurchased 32 million shares and 69 million shares of our common stock for $12.0 billion and $18.4 billion, respectively, through our share repurchase program. All repurchases were made using cash resources. As of June 30, 2024, $10.3 billion remained of our $60 billion share repurchase program. Refer to Note 16 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for further discussion. Dividends During fiscal years 2024 and 2023, our Board of Directors declared dividends totaling $22.3 billion and $20.2 billion, respectively. We intend to continue returning capital to shareholders in the form of dividends, subject to declaration by our Board of Directors. Refer to Note 16 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for further discussion. Other Planned Uses of Capital We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as acquisitions that align with our business strategy. Additions to property and equipment will continue, including new facilities, datacenters, and computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, support, and administrative staff. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings and our investments in AI infrastructure and training. We have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, Microsoft Experience Centers, and certain equipment. We have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources. 50 PART II Item 7 RECENT ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE Refer to Note 1 – Accounting Policies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for further discussion. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We have critical accounting estimates in the areas of revenue recognition, impairment of investment securities, goodwill, research and development costs, legal and other contingencies, income taxes, and business combinations – valuation of intangible assets. Revenue Recognition Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. When a cloud-based service includes both on-premises software licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the cloud service and recognized over time. Certain cloud services, primarily Office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, interdependency, and interrelation between the desktop applications and cloud services, and are accounted for together as one performance obligation. Revenue from Office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services are provided. Judgment is required to determine the standalone selling price (“SSP") for each distinct performance obligation. We use a single amount to estimate SSP for items that are not sold separately, including on-premises licenses sold with SA or software updates provided at no additional charge. We use a range of amounts to estimate SSP when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative SSP of the various products and services. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. In these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region in determining the SSP. Due to the various benefits from and the nature of our SA program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of delivery, including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers. Our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instances we estimate customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. Returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period if additional information becomes available. Changes to our estimated variable consideration were not material for the periods presented. Impairment of Investment Securities We review debt investments quarterly for credit losses and impairment. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the extent to which the fair value is less than cost. This determination requires significant judgment. In making this judgment, we employ a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our investments. In addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of, and business outlook for, the investee. If we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery, then a decline in fair value below cost is recorded as an impairment charge in other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. If market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments. 51 PART II Item 7 Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are written down to fair value if a qualitative assessment indicates that the investment is impaired and the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. We perform a qualitative assessment on a periodic basis. We are required to estimate the fair value of the investment to determine the amount of the impairment loss. Once an investment is determined to be impaired, an impairment charge is recorded in other income (expense), net. Goodwill We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. We evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (May 1) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology. This analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit. Research and Development Costs Costs incurred internally in researching and developing a computer software product are charged to expense until technological feasibility has been established for the product. Once technological feasibility is established, software costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a product is established. We have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. Generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to production. The amortization of these costs is included in cost of revenue over the estimated life of the products. Legal and Other Contingencies The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Changes in these factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 52 PART II Item 7 Income Taxes The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year, and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity’s financial statements or tax returns. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Accounting literature also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. Judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. Business Combinations – Valuation of Intangible Assets Accounting for business combinations requires significant judgments when allocating the purchase price to the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Determination of fair value involves estimates and assumptions which can be complex, most notably with respect to intangible assets. Critical estimates used in the valuation of intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected cash flows, useful lives, and discount rates. While management’s estimates of fair value are based on assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, these assumptions are inherently uncertain as they pertain to forward-looking views of our business and market conditions. The judgments made in this valuation process could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 53 PART II Item 7 STATEMENT OF MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are presented in this report. The consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management’s estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. These systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits. The Company engaged Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). The Board of Directors, through its Audit Committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the Company, meets periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the Audit Committee. 54 PART II Item 7A ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK RISKS We are exposed to economic risk from foreign exchange rates, interest rates, credit risk, and equity prices. We use derivatives instruments to manage these risks, however, they may still impact our consolidated financial statements. Foreign Currencies Certain forecasted transactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency risk. We monitor our foreign currency exposures daily to maximize the economic effectiveness of our foreign currency positions, including hedges. Principal currency exposures include the Euro, Japanese yen, British pound, Canadian dollar, and Australian dollar. Interest Rate Securities held in our fixed-income portfolio are subject to different interest rate risks based on their maturities. We manage the average maturity of the fixed-income portfolio to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain global fixed-income indices. Credit Our fixed-income portfolio is diversified and consists primarily of investment-grade securities. We manage credit exposures relative to broad-based indices to facilitate portfolio diversification. Equity Securities held in our equity investments portfolio are subject to price risk. SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS The following table sets forth the potential loss in future earnings or fair values, including associated derivatives, resulting from hypothetical changes in relevant market rates or prices: 55 PART II Item 8 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATE MENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INC OME STATEMENTS Refer to accompanying notes. 56 PART II Item 8 COMPREHENSIVE IN COME STATEMENTS Refer to accompanying notes. 57 PART II Item 8 BALANCE SHEETS Refer to accompanying notes. 58 PART II Item 8 CASH FLOWS S TATEMENTS Refer to accompanying notes. 59 PART II Item 8 STOCKHOLDERS’ EQ UITY STATEMENTS Refer to accompanying notes. 60 PART II Item 8 NOTES TO FINANCI AL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES Accounting Principles Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation. The recast of these prior period amounts had no impact on our consolidated balance sheets, consolidated income statements, or consolidated cash flows statements. Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Microsoft Corporation and its subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Estimates and Assumptions Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Examples of estimates and assumptions include: for revenue recognition, determining the nature and timing of satisfaction of performance obligations, and determining the standalone selling price (“SSP”) of performance obligations, variable consideration, and other obligations such as product returns and refunds; loss contingencies; product warranties; the fair value of and/or potential impairment of goodwill and intangible assets for our reporting units; product life cycles; useful lives of our tangible and intangible assets; allowances for doubtful accounts; the market value of, and demand for, our inventory; stock-based compensation forfeiture rates; when technological feasibility is achieved for our products; the potential outcome of uncertain tax positions that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns; and determining the timing and amount of impairments for investments. Actual results and outcomes may differ from management’s estimates and assumptions due to risks and uncertainties. In July 2022, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our server and network equipment. Due to investments in software that increased efficiencies in how we operate our server and network equipment, as well as advances in technology, we determined we should increase the estimated useful lives of both server and network equipment from four years to six years . This change in accounting estimate was effective beginning fiscal year 2023. Foreign Currencies Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are recorded to other comprehensive income. Revenue Product Revenue and Service and Other Revenue Product revenue includes sales from operating systems, cross-device productivity and collaboration applications, server applications, business solution applications, desktop and server management tools, software development tools, video games, and hardware such as PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, and related accessories. Service and other revenue includes sales from cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services, platforms, and content such as Office 365, Azure, Dynamics 365, and gaming; solution support; and consulting services. Service and other revenue also includes sales from online advertising and LinkedIn. 61 PART II Item 8 Revenue Recognition Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. We enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. Nature of Products and Services Licenses for on-premises software provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available to the customer. Customers may purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses, which provide customers with the same functionality and differ mainly in the duration over which the customer benefits from the software. Revenue from distinct on-premises licenses is recognized upfront at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. In cases where we allocate revenue to software updates, primarily because the updates are provided at no additional charge, revenue is recognized as the updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the estimated life of the related device or license. Certain volume licensing programs, including Enterprise Agreements, include on-premises licenses combined with Software Assurance (“SA”). SA conveys rights to new software and upgrades released over the contract period and provides support, tools, and training to help customers deploy and use products more efficiently. On-premises licenses are considered distinct performance obligations when sold with SA. Revenue allocated to SA is generally recognized ratably over the contract period as customers simultaneously consume and receive benefits, given that SA comprises distinct performance obligations that are satisfied over time. Cloud services, which allow customers to use hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of the software, are provided on either a subscription or consumption basis. Revenue related to cloud services provided on a subscription basis is recognized ratably over the contract period. Revenue related to cloud services provided on a consumption basis, such as the amount of storage used in a period, is recognized based on the customer utilization of such resources. When cloud services require a significant level of integration and interdependency with software and the individual components are not considered distinct, all revenue is recognized over the period in which the cloud services are provided. Revenue from search advertising is recognized when the advertisement appears in the search results or when the action necessary to earn the revenue has been completed. Revenue from consulting services is recognized as services are provided. Our hardware is generally highly dependent on, and interrelated with, the underlying operating system and cannot function without the operating system. In these cases, the hardware and software license are accounted for as a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at the point in time when ownership is transferred to resellers or directly to end customers through retail stores and online marketplaces. Refer to Note 19 – Segment Information and Geographic Data for further information, including revenue by significant product and service offering. Significant Judgments Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. When a cloud-based service includes both on-premises software licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the cloud service and recognized over time. Certain cloud services, primarily Office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, interdependency, and interrelation between the desktop applications and cloud services, and are accounted for together as one performance obligation. Revenue from Office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services are provided. 62 PART II Item 8 Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We use a single amount to estimate SSP for items that are not sold separately, including on-premises licenses sold with SA or software updates provided at no additional charge. We use a range of amounts to estimate SSP when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative SSP of the various products and services. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. In these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region in determining the SSP. Due to the various benefits from and the nature of our SA program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of delivery, including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers. Our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instances we estimate customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. Returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period if additional information becomes available. Changes to our estimated variable consideration were not material for the periods presented. Contract Balances and Other Receivables Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. We record a receivable when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing, or unearned revenue when revenue is recognized subsequent to invoicing. For multi-year agreements, we generally invoice customers annually at the beginning of each annual coverage period. We record a receivable related to revenue recognized for multi-year on-premises licenses as we have an unconditional right to invoice and receive payment in the future related to those licenses. Unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs, which may include SA and cloud services. Unearned revenue is generally invoiced annually at the beginning of each contract period for multi-year agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. Unearned revenue also includes payments for consulting services to be performed in the future, LinkedIn subscriptions, Office 365 subscriptions, Xbox subscriptions, Windows post-delivery support, Dynamics business solutions, and other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service. Refer to Note 13 – Unearned Revenue for further information, including unearned revenue by segment and changes in unearned revenue during the period. Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 60 days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our products and services, not to receive financing from our customers or to provide customers with financing. Examples include invoicing at the beginning of a subscription term with revenue recognized ratably over the contract period, and multi-year on-premises licenses that are invoiced annually with revenue recognized upfront. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, long-term accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, was $ 4.9 billion and $ 4.5 billion, respectively, and is included in other long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance. We determine the allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently available evidence. 63 PART II Item 8 Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts was as follows: Allowance for doubtful accounts included in our consolidated balance sheets: As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, other receivables related to activities to facilitate the purchase of server components were $ 10.5 billion and $ 9.2 billion, respectively, and are included in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. We record financing receivables when we offer certain customers the option to acquire our software products and services offerings through a financing program in a limited number of countries. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, our financing receivables, net were $ 4.5 billion and $ 5.3 billion, respectively, for short-term and long-term financing receivables, which are included in other current assets and other long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. We record an allowance to cover expected losses based on troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently available evidence. Assets Recognized from Costs to Obtain a Contract with a Customer We recognize an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if we expect the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year. We have determined that certain sales incentive programs meet the requirements to be capitalized. Total capitalized costs to obtain a contract were immaterial during the periods presented and are included in other current and long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. We apply a practical expedient to expense costs as incurred for costs to obtain a contract with a customer when the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs include our internal sales organization compensation program and certain partner sales incentive programs as we have determined annual compensation is commensurate with annual sales activities. Cost of Revenue Cost of revenue includes: manufacturing and distribution costs for products sold and programs licensed; operating costs related to product support service centers and product distribution centers; costs incurred to include software on PCs sold by original equipment manufacturers (“OEM”), to drive traffic to our websites, and to acquire online advertising space; costs incurred to support and maintain cloud-based and other online products and services, including datacenter costs and royalties; warranty costs; inventory valuation adjustments; costs associated with the delivery of consulting services; and the amortization of capitalized software development costs. Capitalized software development costs are amortized over the estimated lives of the products. 64 PART II Item 8 Product Warranty We provide for the estimated costs of fulfilling our obligations under hardware and software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. For hardware warranties, we estimate the costs based on historical and projected product failure rates, historical and projected repair costs, and knowledge of specific product failures (if any). The specific hardware warranty terms and conditions vary depending upon the product sold and the country in which we do business, but generally include parts and labor over a period generally ranging from 90 days to three years. For software warranties, we estimate the costs to provide bug fixes, such as security patches, over the estimated life of the software. We regularly reevaluate our estimates to assess the adequacy of the recorded warranty liabilities and adjust the amounts as necessary. Research and Development Research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. Research and development expenses also include third-party development and programming costs and the amortization of purchased software code and services content. Such costs related to software development are included in research and development expense until the point that technological feasibility is reached, which for our software products, is generally shortly before the products are released to production. Once technological feasibility is reached, such costs are capitalized and amortized to cost of revenue over the estimated lives of the products. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $ 1.7 billion , $ 904 million, and $ 1.5 billion in fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Stock-Based Compensation Compensation cost for stock awards, which include restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and performance stock units (“PSUs”), is measured at the fair value on the grant date and recognized as expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the related service or performance period. The fair value of stock awards is based on the quoted price of our common stock on the grant date less the present value of expected dividends not received during the vesting period. We measure the fair value of PSUs using a Monte Carlo valuation model. Compensation cost for RSUs is recognized using the straight-line method and for PSUs is recognized using the accelerated method. Compensation expense for the employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”) is measured as the discount the employee is entitled to upon purchase and is recognized in the period of purchase. Income Taxes Income tax expense includes U.S. and international income taxes, and interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions. Certain income and expenses are not reported in tax returns and financial statements in the same year. The tax effect of such temporary differences is reported as deferred income taxes. Deferred tax assets are reported net of a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. All deferred income taxes are classified as long-term in our consolidated balance sheets. Financial Instruments Investments We consider all highly liquid interest-earning investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The fair values of these investments approximate their carrying values. In general, investments with original maturities of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less than one year are classified as short-term investments. Investments with maturities beyond one year may be classified as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because such marketable securities represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. 65 PART II Item 8 Debt investments are classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in fair value, excluding credit losses and impairments, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Fair value is calculated based on publicly available market information or other estimates determined by management. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the extent to which the fair value is less than cost. To determine credit losses, we employ a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence. In addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of, and business outlook for, the investee. If we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery, then a decline in fair value below cost is recorded as an impairment charge in other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. If market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments. Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are measured at fair value. Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are measured using the equity method or measured at cost with adjustments for observable changes in price or impairments (referred to as the measurement alternative). We perform a qualitative assessment on a periodic basis and recognize an impairment if there are sufficient indicators that the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. Changes in value are recorded in other income (expense), net. Investments that are considered variable interest entities (“VIEs”) are evaluated to determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of the VIE, in which case we would be required to consolidate the entity. We evaluate whether we have (1) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance, and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We have determined we are not the primary beneficiary of any of our VIE investments. Therefore, our VIE investments are not consolidated and the majority are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Derivatives Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and measured at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, gains and losses are recognized in other income (expense), net with offsetting gains and losses on the hedged items. Gains and losses representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in other income (expense), net. For derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, gains and losses are initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in other income (expense), net with the corresponding hedged item. Gains and losses representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in other income (expense), net. For derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges, gains and losses from changes in fair values are primarily recognized in other income (expense), net. Fair Value Measurements We account for certain assets and liabilities at fair value. The hierarchy below lists three levels of fair value based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable in the market. We categorize each of our fair value measurements in one of these three levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. These levels are: • Level 1 – inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. Our Level 1 investments include U.S. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. Our Level 1 derivative assets and liabilities include those actively traded on exchanges. 66 PART II Item 8 • Level 2 – inputs are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques (e.g. the Black-Scholes model) for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot prices for currencies. Our Level 2 investments include commercial paper, certificates of deposit, U.S. agency securities, foreign government bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities. Our Level 2 derivative assets and liabilities include certain cleared swap contracts and over-the-counter forward, option, and swap contracts. • Level 3 – inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect management’s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash flow models. Our Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments in corporate notes and bonds, municipal securities, and goodwill and intangible assets, when they are recorded at fair value due to an impairment charge. Unobservable inputs used in the models are significant to the fair values of the assets and liabilities. We measure equity investments without readily determinable fair values on a nonrecurring basis. The fair values of these investments are determined based on valuation techniques using the best information available, and may include quoted market prices, market comparables, and discounted cash flow projections. Our other current financial assets and current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values. Inventories Inventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price less estimated costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue. Property and Equipment Property and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, and depreciated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term. The estimated useful lives of our property and equipment are generally as follows: computer software developed or acquired for internal use, three years ; computer equipment, two to six years ; buildings and improvements, five to 15 years ; leasehold improvements, three to 20 years ; and furniture and equipment, one to 10 years . Land is not depreciated. Leases We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets, other current liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we generally use our incremental borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement date. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 67 PART II Item 8 We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are generally accounted for separately. For certain equipment leases, such as vehicles, we account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. Additionally, for certain equipment leases, we apply a portfolio approach to effectively account for the operating lease ROU assets and liabilities. Goodwill Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (May 1) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. Intangible Assets Our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are amortized over the estimated useful life in proportion to the economic benefits received. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate the asset may be impaired. Related Party Transactions In March 2024, we entered into an agreement with Inflection AI, Inc. (“Inflection”), pursuant to which we obtained a non-exclusive license to Inflection’s intellectual property. Reid Hoffman, a member of our Board of Directors, is a co-founder of and serves on the board of directors of Inflection. As of the date of the agreement with Inflection, Reprogrammed Interchange LLC (“Reprogrammed”) and entities affiliated with Greylock Ventures (“Greylock”) each held less than a 10 % equity interest in Inflection. Mr. Hoffman may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by Reprogrammed and Greylock by virtue of his relationship with such entities. Mr. Hoffman did not participate in any portions of the meetings of our Board of Directors or any committee thereof to review and approve the transaction with Inflection. Recent Accounting Guidance Segment Reporting – Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued a new standard to improve reportable segment disclosures. The guidance expands the disclosures required for reportable segments in our annual and interim consolidated financial statements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The standard will be effective for us beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2025 and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our segment disclosures. Income Taxes – Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures In December 2023, the FASB issued a new standard to improve income tax disclosures. The guidance requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standardized categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation, and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. The standard will be effective for us beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2026, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our income tax disclosures. NOTE 2 — EARNINGS PER SHARE Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock plus the effect of dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method. Dilutive potential common shares include outstanding stock options and stock awards. 68 PART II Item 8 The components of basic and diluted EPS were as follows: Anti-dilutive stock-based awards excluded from the calculations of diluted EPS were immaterial during the periods presented. NOTE 3 — OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET The components of other income (expense), net were as follows: Other, net primarily reflects net recognized losses on equity method investments. Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments Net recognized gains (losses) on debt investments were as follows: Net recognized gains (losses) on equity investments were as follows: 69 PART II Item 8 NOTE 4 — INVESTMENTS Investment Components The components of investments were as follows: 70 PART II Item 8 (a) Refer to Note 5 – Derivatives for further information on the fair value of our derivative instruments. Equity investments presented as “Other” in the tables above include investments without readily determinable fair values measured using the equity method or measured at cost with adjustments for observable changes in price or impairments, and investments measured at fair value using net asset value as a practical expedient which are not categorized in the fair value hierarchy. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, equity investments without readily determinable fair values measured at cost with adjustments for observable changes in price or impairments were $ 3.9 billion and $ 4.2 billion, respectively. 71 PART II Item 8 Unrealized Losses on Debt Investments Debt investments with continuous unrealized losses for less than 12 months and 12 months or greater and their related fair values were as follows: Unrealized losses from fixed-income securities are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates. Management does not believe any remaining unrealized losses represent impairments based on our evaluation of available evidence. Debt Investment Maturities The following table outlines maturities of our debt investments as of June 30, 2024: 72 PART II Item 8 NOTE 5 — DERIVATIVES We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, interest rates, equity prices, and credit; to enhance investment returns; and to facilitate portfolio diversification. Our objectives for holding derivatives include reducing, eliminating, and efficiently managing the economic impact of these exposures as effectively as possible. Our derivative programs include strategies that both qualify and do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Foreign Currencies Certain forecasted transactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency risk. We monitor our foreign currency exposures daily to maximize the economic effectiveness of our foreign currency hedge positions. Foreign currency risks related to certain non-U.S. dollar-denominated investments are hedged using foreign exchange forward contracts that are designated as fair value hedging instruments. Foreign currency risks related to certain Euro-denominated debt are hedged using foreign exchange forward contracts that are designated as cash flow hedging instruments. Certain options and forwards not designated as hedging instruments are also used to manage the variability in foreign exchange rates on certain balance sheet amounts and to manage other foreign currency exposures. Interest Rate Interest rate risks related to certain fixed-rate debt are hedged using interest rate swaps that are designated as fair value hedging instruments to effectively convert the fixed interest rates to floating interest rates. Securities held in our fixed-income portfolio are subject to different interest rate risks based on their maturities. We manage the average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain broad-based fixed-income indices using option, futures, and swap contracts. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are included in “Other contracts” in the tables below. Equity Securities held in our equity investments portfolio are subject to market price risk. At times, we may hold options, futures, and swap contracts. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments. Credit Our fixed-income portfolio is diversified and consists primarily of investment-grade securities. We use credit default swap contracts to manage credit exposures relative to broad-based indices and to facilitate portfolio diversification. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are included in “Other contracts” in the tables below. Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features Certain counterparty agreements for derivative instruments contain provisions that require our issued and outstanding long-term unsecured debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating and require us to maintain minimum liquidity of $ 1.0 billion. To the extent we fail to meet these requirements, we will be required to post collateral, similar to the standard convention related to over-the-counter derivatives. As of June 30, 2024, our long-term unsecured debt rating was AAA , and cash investments were in excess of $ 1.0 billion. As a result, no collateral was required to be posted. 73 PART II Item 8 The following table presents the notional amounts of our outstanding derivative instruments measured in U.S. dollar equivalents: Fair Values of Derivative Instruments The following table presents our derivative instruments: Gross derivative assets and liabilities subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements for which we have elected to offset were $ 304 million and $ 800 million, respectively, as of June 30, 2024, and $ 442 million and $ 804 million, respectively, as of June 30, 2023. The following table presents the fair value of our derivatives instruments on a gross basis: 74 PART II Item 8 Gains (losses) on derivative instruments recognized in other income (expense), net were as follows: Gains (losses), net of tax, on derivative instruments recognized in our consolidated comprehensive income statements were as follows: NOTE 6 — INVENTORIES The components of inventories were as follows: 75 PART II Item 8 NOTE 7 — PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT The components of property and equipment were as follows: During fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, depreciation expense was $ 15.2 billion, $ 11.0 billion, and $ 12.6 billion, respectively. As of June 30, 2024, we have committed $ 35.4 billion for the construction of new buildings, building improvements, and leasehold improvements, primarily related to datacenters. NOTE 8 — BUSINESS COMBINATIONS Activision Blizzard, Inc. On October 13, 2023 , we completed our acquisition of Activision Blizzard, Inc. (“Activision Blizzard”) for a total purchase price of $ 75.4 billion, consisting primarily of cash. Activision Blizzard is a leader in game development and an interactive entertainment content publisher. The acquisition will accelerate the growth in our gaming business across mobile, PC, console, and cloud gaming. The financial results of Activision Blizzard have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. Activision Blizzard is reported as part of our More Personal Computing segment. The purchase price allocation as of the date of acquisition was based on a preliminary valuation and is subject to revision as more detailed analyses are completed and additional information about the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed becomes available. The primary areas that remain preliminary relate to the fair values of goodwill and income taxes. The major classes of assets and liabilities to which we have preliminarily allocated the purchase price were as follows: Goodwill was assigned to our More Personal Computing segment. The goodwill was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integration of Activision Blizzard. Substantially all of the goodwill is expected to be non-deductible for income tax purposes. 76 PART II Item 8 Following are the details of the purchase price allocated to the intangible assets acquired: Following is the net impact of the Activision Blizzard acquisition on our consolidated income statements since the date of acquisition: The change of Activision Blizzard content from third-party to first-party is reflected in the net impact. Following are the supplemental consolidated financial results of Microsoft Corporation on an unaudited pro forma basis, as if the acquisition had been consummated on July 1, 2022: These pro forma results were based on estimates and assumptions, which we believe are reasonable. They are not the results that would have been realized had we been a combined company during the periods presented and are not necessarily indicative of our consolidated results of operations in future periods. The pro forma results include adjustments related to purchase accounting, primarily amortization of intangible assets. Acquisition costs and other nonrecurring charges were immaterial and are included in the earliest period presented. Nuance Communications, Inc. On March 4, 2022 , we completed our acquisition of Nuance Communications, Inc. (“Nuance”) for a total purchase price of $ 18.8 billion, consisting primarily of cash. Nuance is a cloud and artificial intelligence (“AI”) software provider with healthcare and enterprise AI experience, and the acquisition will build on our industry-specific cloud offerings. The financial results of Nuance have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. Nuance is reported as part of our Intelligent Cloud segment. The allocation of the purchase price to goodwill was completed as of December 31, 2022. The major classes of assets and liabilities to which we have allocated the purchase price were as follows: (a) Goodwill was assigned to our Intelligent Cloud segment and was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integration of Nuance. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. (b) Includes $ 986 million of convertible senior notes issued by Nuance in 2015 and 2017, substantially all of which have been redeemed. 77 PART II Item 8 Following are the details of the purchase price allocated to the intangible assets acquired: NOTE 9 — GOODWILL Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows: (a) Includes goodwill of $ 51.0 billion related to Activision Blizzard. See Note 8 – Business Combinations for further information. The measurement periods for the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed end as soon as information on the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition dates becomes available, but do not exceed 12 months. Adjustments in purchase price allocations may require a change in the amounts allocated to goodwill during the periods in which the adjustments are determined. Any change in the goodwill amounts resulting from foreign currency translations and purchase accounting adjustments are presented as “Other” in the table above. Also included in “Other” are business dispositions and transfers between segments due to reorganizations, as applicable. Goodwill Impairment We test goodwill for impairment annually on May 1 at the reporting unit level, primarily using a discounted cash flow methodology with a peer-based, risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital. We believe use of a discounted cash flow approach is the most reliable indicator of the fair values of the businesses. No instances of impairment were identified in our May 1, 2024, May 1, 2023, or May 1, 2022 tests. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, accumulated goodwill impairment was $ 11.3 billion. 78 PART II Item 8 NOTE 10 — INTANGIBLE ASSETS The components of intangible assets, all of which are finite-lived, were as follows: (a) Includes intangible assets of $ 22.0 billion related to Activision Blizzard. See Note 8 – Business Combinations for further information. No material impairments of intangible assets were identified during fiscal years 2024, 2023, or 2022. We estimate that we have no significant residual value related to our intangible assets. The components of intangible assets acquired during the periods presented were as follows: Intangible assets amortization expense was $ 4.8 billion, $ 2.5 billion, and $ 2.0 billion for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The following table outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets held as of June 30, 2024: 79 PART II Item 8 NOTE 11 — DEBT Short-term Debt As of June 30, 2024, we had $ 6.7 billion of commercial paper issued and outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of 5.4 % and maturities ranging from 28 days to 152 days. The estimated fair value of this commercial paper approximates its carrying value. As of June 30, 2023, we had no commercial paper issued or outstanding. Long-term Debt The components of long-term debt were as follows: (a) Includes $ 3.6 billion of debt at face value related to the Activision Blizzard acquisition, the majority of which was exchanged for Microsoft registered securities in June 2024. See Note 8 – Business Combinations for further information. (b) Refer to Note 5 – Derivatives for further information on the interest rate swaps related to fixed-rate debt. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the estimated fair value of long-term debt, including the current portion, was $ 42.3 billion and $ 46.2 billion, respectively. The estimated fair values are based on Level 2 inputs. Debt in the table above is comprised of senior unsecured obligations and ranks equally with our other outstanding obligations. Interest is paid semi-annually, except for the Euro-denominated debt, which is paid annually. Cash paid for interest on our debt for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $ 1.7 billion, $ 1.7 billion, and $ 1.9 billion, respectively. 80 PART II Item 8 The following table outlines maturities of our long-term debt, including the current portion, as of June 30, 2024: NOTE 12 — INCOME TAXES Provision for Income Taxes The components of the provision for income taxes were as follows: U.S. and foreign components of income before income taxes were as follows: 81 PART II Item 8 Effective Tax Rate The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate and our effective rate were as follows: In the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, we transferred certain intangible properties from our Puerto Rico subsidiary to the U.S. The transfer of intangible properties resulted in a $ 3.3 billion net income tax benefit in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, as the value of future U.S. tax deductions exceeded the current tax liability from the U.S. global intangible low-taxed income (“GILTI”) tax. The decrease from the federal statutory rate in fiscal year 2024 and 2023 is primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations center in Ireland. The decrease from the federal statutory rate in fiscal year 2022 is primarily due to the net income tax benefit related to the transfer of intangible properties, earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations center in Ireland, and tax benefits relating to stock-based compensation. In fiscal years 2024 and 2023, our foreign regional operating center in Ireland, which is taxed at a rate lower than the U.S. rate, generated 83 % and 81 % of our foreign income before tax. In fiscal year 2022 , our foreign regional operating centers in Ireland and Puerto Rico, which are taxed at rates lower than the U.S. rate, generated 71 % of our foreign income before tax. Other reconciling items, net consists primarily of tax credits and GILTI tax, and in fiscal year 2024, includes tax benefits from tax law changes. In fiscal year 2024, tax benefits from tax law changes primarily relates to the issuance of Notice 2023-55 and Notice 2023-80 by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and U.S. Treasury Department. Notice 2023-55, issued in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, delayed the effective date of final foreign tax credit regulations to fiscal year 2024 for Microsoft. Notice 2023-80, issued in the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, further delayed the effective date of final foreign tax credit regulations indefinitely. In fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, there were no individually significant other reconciling items. The decrease in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to tax benefits from tax law changes, including the delay of the effective date of final foreign tax credit regulations. The increase in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022 was primarily due to a $ 3.3 billion net income tax benefit in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 related to the transfer of intangible properties and a decrease in tax benefits relating to stock-based compensation. 82 PART II Item 8 The components of the deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows: Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the taxes are paid or recovered. As of June 30, 2024, we had federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $ 476 million, $ 899 million, and $ 2.6 billion, respectively. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards have varying expiration dates ranging from fiscal year 2025 to 2044 or indefinite carryforward periods , if not utilized. The majority of our foreign net operating loss carryforwards do not expire. Certain acquired net operating loss carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation but are expected to be realized with the exception of those which have a valuation allowance. As of June 30, 2024, we had $ 456 million federal capital loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes from our acquisition of Nuance. The federal capital loss carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation and will expire in fiscal year 2025 . The valuation allowance disclosed in the table above relates to the foreign net operating loss carryforwards, federal capital loss carryforwards, and other net deferred tax assets that may not be realized. Income taxes paid, net of refunds, were $ 23.4 billion, $ 23.1 billion, and $ 16.0 billion in fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Uncertain Tax Positions Gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions as of June 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, were $ 22.8 billion, $ 17.1 billion, and $ 15.6 billion, respectively, which were primarily included in long-term income taxes in our consolidated balance sheets. If recognized, the resulting tax benefit would affect our effective tax rates for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 by $ 19.6 billion, $ 14.4 billion, and $ 13.3 billion, respectively. 83 PART II Item 8 As of June 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, we had accrued interest expense related to uncertain tax positions of $ 6.8 billion, $ 5.2 billion, and $ 4.3 billion, respectively, net of income tax benefits. The provision for income taxes for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 included interest expense related to uncertain tax positions of $ 1.5 billion, $ 918 million, and $ 36 million, respectively, net of income tax benefits. The aggregate changes in the gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were as follows: (a) Fiscal year 2024 includes unrecognized tax benefits of $ 3.4 billion related to the acquisition of Activision Blizzard. See Note 8 – Business Combinations for further information. We remain under audit by the IRS for tax years 2014 to 2017 . With respect to the audit for tax years 2004 to 2013 , on September 26, 2023, we received Notices of Proposed Adjustment (“NOPAs”) from the IRS. The primary issues in the NOPAs relate to intercompany transfer pricing. In the NOPAs, the IRS is seeking an additional tax payment of $ 28.9 billion plus penalties and interest. As of June 30, 2024, we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. We disagree with the proposed adjustments and will vigorously contest the NOPAs through the IRS’s administrative appeals office and, if necessary, judicial proceedings. We do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months. Based on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our income tax contingencies for these issues within the next 12 months. We are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the U.S. Our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2023 , some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. The resolution of each of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements. NOTE 13 — UNEARNED REVENUE Unearned revenue by segment was as follows: Changes in unearned revenue were as follows: Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods, was $ 275 billion as of June 30, 2024, of which $ 269 billion is related to the commercial portion of revenue. We expect to recognize approximately 45 % of our total company remaining performance obligation revenue over the next 12 months and the remainder thereafter. 84 PART II Item 8 NOTE 14 — LEASES We have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, Microsoft Experience Centers, and certain equipment. Our leases have remaining lease terms of less than 1 year to 17 years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 5 years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases within 1 year. The components of lease expense were as follows: Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 85 PART II Item 8 The following table outlines maturities of our lease liabilities as of June 30, 2024: As of June 30, 2024, we had additional operating and finance leases, primarily for datacenters, that had not yet commenced of $ 8.6 billion and $ 108.4 billion, respectively. These operating and finance leases will commence between fiscal year 2025 and fiscal year 2030 with lease terms of 1 year to 20 years. NOTE 15 — CONTINGENCIES U.S. Cell Phone Litigation Microsoft Mobile Oy, a subsidiary of Microsoft, along with other handset manufacturers and network operators, is a defendant in 45 lawsuits filed in the Superior Court for the District of Columbia by individual plaintiffs who allege that radio emissions from cellular handsets caused their brain tumors and other adverse health effects. We assumed responsibility for these claims in our agreement to acquire Nokia’s Devices and Services business and have been substituted for the Nokia defendants. Twelve of these cases were consolidated for certain pre-trial proceedings; the remaining cases are stayed. In a separate 2009 decision, the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia held that adverse health effect claims arising from the use of cellular handsets that operate within the U.S. Federal Communications Commission radio frequency emission guidelines (“FCC Guidelines”) are pre-empted by federal law. The plaintiffs allege that their handsets either operated outside the FCC Guidelines or were manufactured before the FCC Guidelines went into effect. The lawsuits also allege an industry-wide conspiracy to manipulate the science and testing around emission guidelines. In 2013, the defendants in the consolidated cases moved to exclude the plaintiffs’ expert evidence of general causation on the basis of flawed scientific methodologies. In 2014, the trial court granted in part and denied in part the defendants’ motion to exclude the plaintiffs’ general causation experts. The defendants filed an interlocutory appeal to the District of Columbia Court of Appeals challenging the standard for evaluating expert scientific evidence. In October 2016, the Court of Appeals issued its decision adopting the standard advocated by the defendants and remanding the cases to the trial court for further proceedings under that standard. The plaintiffs have filed supplemental expert evidence, portions of which were stricken by the court. A hearing on general causation took place in September of 2022. In April of 2023, the court granted defendants’ motion to strike the testimony of plaintiffs’ experts that cell phones cause brain cancer and entered an order excluding all of plaintiffs’ experts from testifying. The parties agreed to a stipulated dismissal of the consolidated cases to allow plaintiffs to appeal the expert testimony order. Plaintiffs appealed the court’s order in August of 2023, and the parties have filed their briefs on the appeal. A hearing on the status of the stayed cases occurred in December of 2023. In July 2024, the court entered summary judgment in nine of the stayed cases on the grounds that plaintiffs had agreed to be bound by the general causation outcome in the consolidated cases. 86 PART II Item 8 Irish Data Protection Commission Matter In 2018, the Irish Data Protection Commission (“IDPC”) began investigating a complaint against LinkedIn as to whether LinkedIn’s targeted advertising practices violated the recently implemented European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Microsoft cooperated throughout the period of inquiry. In April 2023, the IDPC provided LinkedIn with a non-public preliminary draft decision alleging GDPR violations and proposing a fine. In July 2024, the IDPC provided LinkedIn with a revised non-public draft decision. There is no set timeline for the IDPC to issue a final decision, at which time Microsoft will consider its options to appeal. Other Contingencies We also are subject to a variety of other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Although management currently believes that resolving claims against us, individually or in aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. As of June 30, 2024, we accrued aggregate legal liabilities of $ 641 million. While we intend to defend these matters vigorously, adverse outcomes that we estimate could reach approximately $ 600 million in aggregate beyond recorded amounts are reasonably possible. Were unfavorable final outcomes to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements for the period in which the effects become reasonably estimable. NOTE 16 — STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Shares Outstanding Shares of common stock outstanding were as follows: Share Repurchases On September 18, 2019, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $ 40.0 billion in share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in February 2020 and was completed in November 2021. On September 14, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $ 60.0 billion in share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in November 2021, following completion of the program approved on September 18, 2019, has no expiration date, and may be terminated at any time. As of June 30, 2024, $ 10.3 billion remained of this $ 60.0 billion share repurchase program. We repurchased the following shares of common stock under the share repurchase programs: 87 PART II Item 8 All repurchases were made using cash resources. Shares repurchased during the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 were under the share repurchase program approved on September 18, 2019. Shares repurchased during the second quarter of fiscal year 2022 were under the share repurchase programs approved on September 18, 2019 and September 14, 2021. All other shares repurchased were under the share repurchase program approved on September 14, 2021. The above table excludes shares repurchased to settle employee tax withholding related to the vesting of stock awards of $ 5.3 billion, $ 3.8 billion, and $ 4.7 billion for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Dividends Our Board of Directors declared the following dividends: The dividend declared on June 12, 2024 was included in other current liabilities as of June 30, 2024. 88 PART II Item 8 NOTE 17 — ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component : NOTE 18 — EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS We grant stock-based compensation to employees and directors. Awards that expire or are canceled without delivery of shares generally become available for issuance under the plans. We issue new shares of Microsoft common stock to satisfy vesting of awards granted under our stock plans. We also have an ESPP for all eligible employees. Stock-based compensation expense and related income tax benefits were as follows: Stock Plans Stock awards entitle the holder to receive shares of Microsoft common stock as the award vests. Stock awards generally vest over a service period of four years or five years . 89 PART II Item 8 Executive Incentive Plan Under the Executive Incentive Plan, the Compensation Committee approves stock awards to executive officers and certain senior executives. RSUs generally vest ratably over a service period of four years . PSUs generally vest over a performance period of three years . The number of shares the PSU holder receives is based on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have been achieved. Activity for All Stock Plans The fair value of stock awards was estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions: During fiscal year 2024, the following activity occurred under our stock plans: (a) Includes 1 million of PSUs granted at target and performance adjustments above target levels for each of the fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022. As of June 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation costs related to stock awards were $ 20.3 billion. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of three years . The weighted average grant-date fair value of stock awards granted was $ 339.46 , $ 252.59 , and $ 291.22 for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The fair value of stock awards vested was $ 16.0 billion, $ 11.9 billion, and $ 14.1 billion, for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. As of June 30, 2024, an aggregate of 129 million shares were authorized for future grant under our stock plans. Employee Stock Purchase Plan We have an ESPP for all eligible employees. Shares of our common stock may be purchased by employees at three-month intervals at 90 % of the fair market value on the last trading day of each three-month period. Employees may purchase shares having a value not exceeding 15 % of their gross compensation during an offering period. Employees purchased the following shares during the periods presented: As of June 30, 2024, 68 million shares of our common stock were reserved for future issuance through the ESPP. 90 PART II Item 8 Savings Plans We have savings plans in the U.S. that qualify under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, and a number of savings plans in international locations. Eligible U.S. employees may contribute a portion of their salary into the savings plans, subject to certain limitations. We match a portion of each dollar a participant contributes into the plans. Employer-funded retirement benefits for all plans were $ 1.7 billion, $ 1.6 billion, and $ 1.4 billion in fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, and were expensed as contributed. NOTE 19 — SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA In its operation of the business, management, including our chief operating decision maker, who is also our Chief Executive Officer, reviews certain financial information, including segmented internal profit and loss statements prepared on a basis not consistent with GAAP. During the periods presented, we reported our financial performance based on the following segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. Our reportable segments are described below. Productivity and Business Processes Our Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises: • Office Commercial (Office 365 subscriptions, the Office 365 portion of Microsoft 365 Commercial subscriptions, and Office licensed on-premises), comprising Office, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Office 365 Security and Compliance, Microsoft Viva, and Copilot for Microsoft 365. • Office Consumer, including Microsoft 365 Consumer and Copilot Pro subscriptions, Office licensed on-premises, and other Office services. • LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions. • Dynamics business solutions, including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across ERP, CRM, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on-premises ERP and CRM applications. Intelligent Cloud Our Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that can power modern business and developers. This segment primarily comprises: • Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other cloud services; SQL Server, Windows Server, Visual Studio, System Center, and related Client Access Licenses (“CALs”); and Nuance and GitHub. • Enterprise and partner services, including Enterprise Support Services, Industry Solutions, Nuance professional services, Microsoft Partner Network, and Learning Experience. More Personal Computing Our More Personal Computing segment consists of products and services that put customers at the center of the experience with our technology. This segment primarily comprises: • Windows, including Windows OEM licensing and other non-volume licensing of the Windows operating system; Windows Commercial, comprising volume licensing of the Windows operating system, Windows cloud services, and other Windows commercial offerings; patent licensing; and Windows Internet of Things. • Devices, including Surface, HoloLens, and PC accessories. 91 PART II Item 8 • Gaming, including Xbox hardware and Xbox content and services, comprising first-party content (such as Activision Blizzard) and third-party content, including games and in-game content; Xbox Game Pass and other subscriptions; Xbox Cloud Gaming; advertising; third-party disc royalties; and other cloud services. • Search and news advertising, comprising Bing (including Copilot), Microsoft News, Microsoft Edge, and third-party affiliates. Revenue and costs are generally directly attributed to our segments. However, due to the integrated structure of our business, certain revenue recognized and costs incurred by one segment may benefit other segments. Revenue from certain contracts is allocated among the segments based on the relative value of the underlying products and services, which can include allocation based on actual prices charged, prices when sold separately, or estimated costs plus a profit margin. Cost of revenue is allocated in certain cases based on a relative revenue methodology. Operating expenses that are allocated primarily include those relating to marketing of products and services from which multiple segments benefit and are generally allocated based on relative gross margin. In addition, certain costs are incurred at a corporate level and allocated to our segments. These allocated costs generally include legal, including settlements and fines, information technology, human resources, finance, excise taxes, field selling, shared facilities services, customer service and support, and severance incurred as part of a corporate program. Each allocation is measured differently based on the specific facts and circumstances of the costs being allocated and is generally based on relative gross margin or relative headcount. Segment revenue and operating income were as follows during the periods presented: No sales to an individual customer or country other than the United States accounted for more than 10% of revenue for fiscal years 2024, 2023, or 2022. Revenue, classified by the major geographic areas in which our customers were located, was as follows: (a) Includes billings to OEMs and certain multinational organizations because of the nature of these businesses and the impracticability of determining the geographic source of the revenue. 92 PART II Item 8 Revenue, classified by significant product and service offerings, was as follows: We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor our business. Our Microsoft Cloud revenue, which includes Azure and other cloud services, Office 365 Commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, Dynamics 365, and other commercial cloud properties, was $ 137.4 billion, $ 111.6 billion, and $ 91.4 billion in fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. These amounts are primarily included in Server products and cloud services, Office products and cloud services, LinkedIn, and Dynamics products and cloud services in the table above. Assets are not allocated to segments for internal reporting presentations. A portion of amortization and depreciation is included with various other costs in an overhead allocation to each segment. It is impracticable for us to separately identify the amount of amortization and depreciation by segment that is included in the measure of segment profit or loss. Long-lived assets, excluding financial instruments and tax assets, classified by the location of the controlling statutory company and with countries over 10% of the total shown separately, were as follows: 93 PART II Item 8 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders' equity, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated July 30, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Revenue Recognition – Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. The Company offers customers the ability to acquire multiple licenses of software products and services, including cloud-based services, in its customer agreements through its volume licensing programs. 94 PART II Item 8 Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for certain customer agreements, and includes the following: • Determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together, such as software licenses and related services that are sold with cloud-based services. • The pattern of delivery (i.e., timing of when revenue is recognized) for each distinct performance obligation. • Identification and treatment of contract terms that may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognized (e.g., variable consideration, optional purchases, and free services). • Determination of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation and for products and services that are not sold separately. Given these factors and due to the volume of transactions, the related audit effort in evaluating management's judgments in determining revenue recognition for certain customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our principal audit procedures related to the Company's revenue recognition for certain customer agreements included the following: • We tested the effectiveness of controls related to the identification of distinct performance obligations, the determination of the timing of revenue recognition, and the estimation of variable consideration. • We evaluated management's significant accounting policies related to certain customer agreements for reasonableness. • We selected a sample of customer agreements and performed the following procedures: - Obtained and read contract source documents for each selection, including master agreements, and other documents that were part of the agreement. - Tested management's identification and treatment of contract terms. - Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management's application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of revenue recognition conclusions. • We evaluated the reasonableness of management's estimate of stand-alone selling prices for products and services that are not sold separately. • We tested the mathematical accuracy of management's calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements. Income Taxes – Uncertain Tax Positions – Refer to Note 12 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company's long-term income taxes liability includes uncertain tax positions related to transfer pricing issues that remain unresolved with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). The Company remains under IRS audit, or subject to IRS audit, for tax years subsequent to 2003. In the current fiscal year, the Company received Notices of Proposed Adjustments (“NOPAs”) for the tax years 2004 to 2013, primarily related to intercompany transfer pricing. While the Company has settled a portion of the IRS audits, resolution of the remaining matters could have a material impact on the Company's financial statements. 95 PART II Item 8 Conclusions on recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions involve significant estimates and management judgment and include complex considerations of the Internal Revenue Code, related regulations, tax case laws, and prior-year audit settlements. Given the complexity and the subjective nature of certain transfer pricing issues that remain unresolved with the IRS, evaluating management's estimates relating to their determination of uncertain tax positions required extensive audit effort and a high degree of auditor judgment, including involvement of our tax specialists. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management's estimates of uncertain tax positions related to unresolved transfer pricing issues included the following: • We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management's methods and assumptions used in the identification, recognition, measurement, and disclosure of uncertain tax positions, which included testing the effectiveness of the related internal controls. • We read and evaluated management's documentation, including relevant accounting policies and information obtained by management from outside tax specialists, that detailed the basis of the uncertain tax positions. • We tested the reasonableness of management's judgments regarding the future resolution of the uncertain tax positions, including an evaluation of the technical merits of the uncertain tax positions. • For those uncertain tax positions that had not been effectively settled, we evaluated whether management had appropriately considered new information, including the NOPAs received in the current fiscal year, that could significantly change the recognition, measurement, or disclosure of the uncertain tax positions. • We evaluated the reasonableness of management's estimates by considering how tax law, including statutes, regulations, and case law, impacted management's judgments. Business Combinations – Estimate for Valuation of Acquired Intangible Assets – Refer to Note 8 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description On October 13, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Activision Blizzard, Inc. The Company accounted for the Activision Blizzard, Inc., acquisition as a business combination and, accordingly, allocated the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. Identifiable intangible assets acquired included marketing-related intangible assets, technology-based intangible assets, and customer-related intangible assets. The excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill. We identified the fair value determination of certain marketing-related and technology-based intangible assets for the business combination as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgment required in determining their estimated fair values. Management’s estimates of fair value included assumptions for revenue and expense forecasts and the selection of appropriate discount rates. There was a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in applying audit procedures and evaluating the significant assumptions relating to the estimates, including involvement of our fair value specialists. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to management’s estimates of the fair value of certain marketing-related and technology-based intangible assets acquired included the following, among others: • We tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the business combination, including internal controls over the revenue and expense forecasts and the selection of appropriate discount rates. • We assessed the knowledge, skills, abilities, and objectivity of management’s valuation specialist and evaluated the work performed. 96 PART II Item 8 • When assessing the reasonableness of assumptions related to forecasted revenue and expenses, we evaluated whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering historical financial information of Activision Blizzard, Inc., and the Company’s forecasted financial information. • With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates by: - Testing the source information underlying the discount rates and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations. - Developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management. /s/ D ELOITTE & T OUCHE LLP Seattle, Washington July 30, 2024 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1983. 97 PART II Item 9, 9A ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not applicable. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL C ONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our assessment of, and conclusion on, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Activision Blizzard, Inc., acquired on October 13, 2023, which is included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition and represented less than 1% of our total assets as of June 30, 2024 after excluding goodwill and intangible assets acquired, and 2% of our total revenues for the year ended June 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2024. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP has audited our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024; their report is included in Item 9A. 98 PART II Item 9A REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024, of the Company and our report dated July 30, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. As described in the Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Activision Blizzard, Inc., which was acquired on October 13, 2023, and whose financial statements constitute less than 1 percent of total assets as of June 30, 2024 after excluding goodwill and intangible assets acquired, and 2 percent of total revenues for the year ended June 30, 2024. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Activision Blizzard, Inc. Basis for Opinion The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 99 PART II Item 9A Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ D ELOITTE & T OUCHE LLP Seattle, Washington July 30, 2024 100 PART II, III Item 9B, 9C, 10 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Insider Trading Arrangements None of our officers or directors, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, adopted, modified , or terminated a “ Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement ” or a “ non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, ” as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, during the three months ended June 30, 2024. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN J URISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFF ICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE A list of our executive officers and biographical information appears in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Information about our directors may be found under the caption “Our Director Nominees” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held December 10, 2024 (the “Proxy Statement”). Information about our Audit Committee may be found under the caption “Board Committees” in the Proxy Statement. That information is incorporated herein by reference. We have adopted the Microsoft Finance Code of Professional Conduct (the “finance code of ethics”), a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and other finance organization employees. The finance code of ethics is publicly available on our website at https://aka.ms/FinanceCodeProfessionalConduct . If we make any substantive amendments to the finance code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Chief Accounting Officer, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on that website or in a report on Form 8-K. We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures applicable to our directors, officers, and employees, and have implemented processes for the company, that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC listing standards. Our General Insider Trading Policy prohibits our employees and related persons and entities from trading in securities of Microsoft and other companies while in possession of material, nonpublic information. Our General Insider Trading Policy also prohibits our employees from disclosing material, nonpublic information Microsoft, or another publicly traded company, to others who may trade on the basis of that information. A copy of our General Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Form 10-K. Our Restricted Trading Window Policy requires that certain officers of the company (corporate vice presidents and above) and other designated employees only transact in Microsoft securities during an open window period, subject to limited exceptions. In addition, certain officers of the company are required to obtain approval in advance of transactions in Microsoft securities. A copy of our Restricted Trading Window Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.2 to this Form 10-K. Our executive officers and directors must also comply with additional trading restrictions. A copy of our Insider Trading Compliance and Preclearance Policies for Section 16 Officers and Directors of Microsoft is filed as Exhibit 19.3 to this Form 10-K. 101 PART III Item 11, 12, 13, 14 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions “Director Compensation,” “Named Executive Officer Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Report,” and, if required, “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWN ERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions “Stock Ownership Information,” “Principal Shareholders,” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the captions “Director Independence Guidelines” and “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTANT FEES AND SERVICES Information concerning fees and services provided by our principal accountant, Deloitte & Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. 34 ), appears in the Proxy Statement under the headings “Fees Billed by Deloitte & Touche” and “Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditor” and is incorporated herein by reference. 102 PART IV Item 15 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANC IAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Financial Statements and Schedules The financial statements are set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, as indexed below. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they either are not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included. (b) Exhibit Listing 103 PART IV Item 15 104 PART IV Item 15 105 PART IV Item 15 106 PART IV Item 15 107 PART IV Item 15 108 PART IV Item 15 * Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. ** Furnished, not filed. 109 PART IV Item 16 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 110 SIGNAT URES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned; thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Redmond, State of Washington, on July 30, 2024. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Registrant and in the capacities indicated on July 30, 2024. 111