” for a discussion of this potential impact. 25 Macroeconomic Factors Macroeconomic factors, including inflation, interest rate changes, capital market volatility, global supply chain constraints and global economic and geopolitical developments, may have direct and indirect impacts on our results of operations, particularly demand for our products. While difficult to isolate and quantify, these macroeconomic factors can also impact our supply chain and manufacturing costs, employee wages, costs for capital equipment and value of our investments. Our product and solution pricing generally does not fluctuate with short-term changes in our costs. Within our supply chain, we continuously manage product availability and costs with our vendors. Israel and Regional Conflicts We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our approximately 4,000 employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing of our networking products. Our global supply chain for our networking products has not experienced any significant impact. A substantial number of our employees in the region have been called-up for active military duty in Israel. Some employees in Israel have been on active military duty for an extended period and may continue to be absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We have not experienced significant impact or expense to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or create other uncertainty for our business. Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2025 Summary We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. Revenue was $30.0 billion, up 122% from a year ago and up 15% sequentially. Data Center revenue was up 154% from a year ago and up 16% sequentially. The strong sequential and year-on-year growth was driven by demand for our Hopper GPU computing platform for training and inferencing of large language models, recommendation engines, and generative AI applications. Sequential growth was driven by consumer internet and enterprise companies. Cloud service providers represented roughly 45% of our Data Center revenue, and more than 50% stemmed from consumer internet and enterprise companies. Strong year-on-year growth was driven by all customer types from both compute and networking revenue. Customers continue to accelerate their Hopper architecture purchases while gearing up to adopt Blackwell. Data Center compute revenue was $22.6 billion, up 162% from a year ago and up 17% sequentially. Networking revenue was $3.7 billion, up 114% from a year ago driven by InfiniBand and Ethernet for AI revenue, which includes Spectrum-X end-to-end ethernet platform. Networking revenue sequentially was up 16% and includes a doubling of Ethernet for AI revenue. We shipped customer samples of our Blackwell architecture in the second quarter. We executed a change to the Blackwell GPU mask to improve production yield. Blackwell production ramp is scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter and continue into fiscal year 2026. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, we expect to ship several billion dollars in Blackwell revenue. Hopper demand is strong, and shipments are expected to increase in the second half of fiscal year 2025. Gaming revenue was up 16% from a year ago and up 9% sequentially. These increases reflect higher sales of our GeForce RTX 40 Series GPUs and game console SOCs. We had solid demand in the second quarter for our gaming GPUs as part of the back-to-school season. Professional Visualization revenue was up 20% from a year ago and up 6% sequentially. These increases were driven by the continued ramp of RTX GPU workstations based on our Ada architecture. 26 Automotive revenue was up 37% from a year ago and up 5% sequentially. These increases were driven by AI Cockpit solutions and self-driving platforms. Gross margin increased from a year ago on strong Data Center revenue growth primarily driven by our Hopper GPU computing platform. Sequentially, gross margin decreased primarily driven by inventory provisions for low-yielding Blackwell material and a higher mix of new products within Data Center. Operating expenses were up 48% from a year ago and up 12% sequentially, largely driven by compensation and benefits, reflecting growth in employees and compensation. Market Platform Highlights Data Center revenue for the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 was $26.3 billion, up 16% from the previous quarter and up 154% from a year ago. We unveiled an array of NVIDIA Blackwell-powered systems featuring NVIDIA Grace CPUs, networking and infrastructure from top manufacturers. We announced broad adoption of the NVIDIA Spectrum-X Ethernet networking platform by cloud service providers, GPU cloud providers and enterprises, as well as partners incorporating it into their offerings. We released NVIDIA Inference Microservices, or NIM, for broad availability to developers globally and unveiled that more than 150 companies are integrating NIM into their platforms to speed generative AI application development. We introduced an NVIDIA AI Foundry service and NIM inference microservices to accelerate generative AI for the world’s enterprises with the Llama 3.1 collection of models. We announced that the combination of NVIDIA H200 and NVIDIA Blackwell architecture B200 processors swept the latest industry-standard MLPerf results for inference. We also unveiled an array of Blackwell systems featuring NVIDIA Grace CPUs, networking and infrastructure. Over the trailing four quarters, we estimate that inference drove over 40% of our Data Center revenue. Gaming revenue for the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 was $2.9 billion, up 9% from the previous quarter and up 16% from a year ago. We announced NVIDIA ACE generative AI microservices are in early access for RTX AI PCs. We announced new RTX and DLSS titles bringing the total number of RTX games and apps to over 600. We surpassed 2,000 games on GeForce NOW and expanded the service into Japan. Professional Visualization revenue for the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 was $454 million, up 6% from the previous quarter and up 20% from a year ago. We introduced generative AI models and NIM microservices for OpenUSD; and announced major Taiwanese electronics makers are creating more autonomous factories with a new reference workflow that combines NVIDIA Metropolis vision AI, NVIDIA Omniverse simulation and NVIDIA Isaac AI robot development. Automotive revenue for the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 was $346 million, up 5% from the previous quarter and up 37% from a year ago. At the Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition conference, NVIDIA won the Autonomous Grand Challenge in the ‘End-to-End Driving at Scale’ category, highlighting the importance of generative AI in building applications for physical AI deployments in autonomous vehicle development. Financial Information by Business Segment and Geographic Data Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding segment information. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Refer to