OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the “safe harbor” created by those sections. Forward-looking statements are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “goal,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “potential” and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Other statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q regarding the potential future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s business and results of operations are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 in greater detail under the heading “Risk Factors” of such reports. Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, GeForce NOW, Mellanox, NVIDIA AI Enterprise, NVIDIA Clara, NVIDIA DRIVE Orin, NVIDIA Jetson AGX Orin, NVIDIA Omniverse, NVIDIA ReOpt, NVIDIA RTX, NVIDIA Triton Inference Server and Quadro, are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subject to change without notice. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 and