” for a discussion of these factors and other risks. First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2026 Summary 23 On April 9, 2025, we were informed by the USG that a license is required for exports of our H20 products into the China market. As a result of these new requirements, we incurred a $4.5 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations as the demand for H20 products diminished. The $4.5 billion charge was less than what we initially anticipated as we were able to re-use certain materials. Sales of our H20 products were $4.6 billion for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 prior to the new export licensing requirements. The H20 export licensing requirements have impacted our current revenue and will also negatively affect our future revenue. Revenue was $44.1 billion, up 69% from a year ago and up 12% sequentially. Data Center revenue was $39.1 billion, up 73% from a year ago and up 10% sequentially. The strong year-on-year and sequential growth was driven by demand for our accelerated computing platform used for large language models, recommendation engines, and generative and agentic AI applications. We saw our Blackwell architecture ramp expand to all customer categories, while large cloud service providers remained our largest at just under 50% of Data Center revenue. Data Center compute revenue was $34.2 billion, up 76% from a year ago and up 5% sequentially. Networking revenue was $5.0 billion, up 56% from a year ago and up 64% sequentially, driven by the growth of NVLink compute fabric in our GB200 systems and continued adoption of Ethernet for AI solutions at cloud service providers and consumer internet companies. Gaming revenue was up 42% from a year ago and up 48% sequentially, driven by sales of our Blackwell architecture. Professional Visualization revenue was up 19% from a year ago and flat sequentially. The increase from a year ago was driven by broader adoption of Ada RTX workstation GPUs, addressing workflows in AI acceleration, real-time graphics rendering and data simulation. Automotive revenue was up 72% from a year ago and down 1% sequentially. The increase from a year ago was driven by sales of our self-driving platforms. Gross margin decreased from a year ago and sequentially, primarily due to a $4.5 billion charge associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations and the initial ramp of more sophisticated systems within Data Center. Operating expenses were up 44% from a year ago and up 7% sequentially. The year-on-year increase was primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits expenses due to employee growth and compensation increases, and compute, infrastructure and engineering development costs for new product introductions. The sequential increase was primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits due to compensation increases and employee growth. Financial Information by Business Segment and Geographic Data Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding segment information. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Refer to