OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in “Part I, Item 1” of this Quarterly Report and with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for the fiscal year ended September 24, 2023 contained in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Quarterly Report (including but not limited to this section titled Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) contains forward-looking statements. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as our future business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition; research and development or technology investments; new or enhanced products, services or technologies; emerging industries or business models; design wins or product launches; industry, market or technology trends, dynamics or transitions; our expectations regarding future demand or supply conditions or macroeconomic factors; strategic investments or acquisitions, and the anticipated timing or benefits thereof; cost reduction initiatives, associated restructuring charges and the anticipated timing thereof; legal or regulatory matters; U.S./China trade or national security tensions; vertical integration by our customers; competition; annual effective tax rates; and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are also forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report reflect our good faith judgment, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report . Readers are ur ged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Quarterly Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Overview Revenues for the first quarter of fiscal 2024 were $9.9 billion, an increase of 5% compared to the year ago quarter, with net income of $2.8 billion, an increase of 24% compared to the year ago quarter. Key items from the first quarter of fiscal 2024 included: • QCT revenues increased by 7% in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 compared to the year ago quarter, primarily due to higher handset and automotive revenues, partially offset by lower IoT revenues. • QTL revenues decreased by 4% in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 compared to the year ago quarter. Our Business and Operating Segments We develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. We are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments. We conduct business primarily through our QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) semiconductor business and our QTL (Qualcomm Technology Licensing) licensing business. Our QSI (Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives) reportable segment makes strategic investments. We also have nonreportable segments, including QGOV (Qualcomm Government Technologies) and our cloud computing processing initiative. Our reportable segments are operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. QTL is operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated, which owns the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Substantially all of our products and services businesses, including QCT, and substantially all of our engineering and research and development functions are operated by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (QTI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of QUALCOMM Incorporated, and QTI’s subsidiaries. Neither QTI nor any of its subsidiaries has any right, power or authority to grant any licenses or other rights under or to any patents owned by QUALCOMM Incorporated. 18 Seasonality. Many of our products and much of our intellectual property are incorporated into consumer wireless devices, which are subject to seasonality and other fluctuations in demand. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles (such as the transition to the next generation of wireless technologies). This has resulted in fluctuations in QCT revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products and in QTL revenues when licensees’ sales occur. These trends may or may not continue in the future. Further, the trends for QTL have been, and may in the future be, impacted by disputes and/or resolutions with licensees and/or governmental investigations or proceedings. Results of Operations First quarter 2024 vs. 2023 The increase in revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to: + $525 million in higher equipment and services revenues from our QCT segment - $64 million in lower licensing revenues from our QTL segment First quarter 2024 vs. 2023 Gross margin percentage remained flat in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. First quarter 2024 vs. 2023 The decrease in research and development expenses in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to a $156 million decrease driven by lower costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies (including 5G and application processor technologies). This was primarily driven by a decrease in employee-related costs as a result of certain restructuring actions initiated in fiscal 2023 (which were substantially completed by the first quarter of fiscal 2024) to fund continued investments in key growth and diversification opportunities. 19 First quarter 2024 vs. 2023 Selling, general and administrative expenses remained approximately flat in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. First quarter 2024 vs. 2023 Other income and expenses in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 and 2023 included certain restructuring amounts (primarily related to accrued severance costs) from cost reduction actions initiated in fiscal 2023. The increase in interest and dividend income in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to higher interest rates earned on higher balances of interest-bearing securities. 20 Income Tax Expense (in millions, except percentages) The following table summarizes the primary factors that caused our income tax provision to differ from the expected income tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory rate: We estimate our annual effective income tax rate to be 7% for fiscal 2024, which is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate. Our estimated annual and first quarter of fiscal 2024 effective tax rates reflect the additional benefit from FDII deductions related to certain changes made in the second half of fiscal 2023 related to income attribution and sourcing of research and development expenditures. Additional information regarding our annual effective income tax rate and income tax expense is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements, Note 3. Income Taxes.” Discontinued operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 and 2023 related to the Non-Arriver businesses. Information regarding the Non-Arriver businesses is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items - Discontinued Operations.” 21 Segment Results The following should be read in conjunction with our financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2024 for each reportable segment included in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6. Segment Information.” QCT Segment (in millions, except percentages) (1) Descriptions of our three QCT revenue streams can be found in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items.” (2) Earnings before income taxes. Substantially all of QCT’s revenues consist of equipment and services revenues, which were $8.3 billion and $7.7 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. QCT handsets, automotive and IoT revenues mostly relate to sales of our Snapdragon platforms (which include processors and modems), stand-alone Mobile Data Modems, radio frequency transceiver, power management and wireless connectivity integrated chipsets as well as sales of 4G, 5G sub 6 and 5G millimeter wave RFFE products. First quarter 2024 vs. 2023 The increase in QCT revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to: + higher handsets revenues, primarily driven by $704 million in higher chipset shipments to certain major OEMs (primarily driven by the normalization of customer inventory levels, which were elevated in the prior year, and the acceleration of certain customer device launches relative to the prior year), and $208 million in higher revenues per chipset primarily driven by increases in average selling prices - lower IoT revenues, primarily driven by a decrease in demand across edge networking and industrial products (primarily driven by elevated customer inventory levels and the negative effects of the macroeconomic environment weakness) + higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for connectivity and digital cockpit products QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 primarily due to: + lower research and development expenses + higher revenues Gross margin percentage remained flat in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, primarily driven by higher product costs, offset by higher average selling prices. 22 QTL Segment (in millions, except percentages) First quarter 2024 vs. 2023 The decrease in QTL licensing revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to a $68 million decrease in revenues from the ending of the recognition of certain upfront license fee consideration in the first quarter of fiscal 2023 from our long-term license agreement with Nokia. QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 primarily due to: + lower cost of sales primarily driven by a decrease in amortization expense related to acquired patents - lower revenues QSI Segment (in millions) First quarter 2024 vs. 2023 QSI segment results were not material in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 and 2023. Looking Forward We believe that 5G combined with high-performance, low-power processing and on-device intelligence will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long-term. As we look forward to the next several quarters: • We expect certain customers will continue to draw down on their inventory (which remains at elevated levels), which will continue to have a negative impact on our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. • Our inventory levels continue to be elevated, and we expect this will continue in the near term. If we overestimate future customer demand, it may result in increased excess or obsolete inventory or reserve charges, negatively impacting our results of operations and cash flows. • We expect transitions to new generations of leading process technology nodes to continue to drive product cost increases from certain of our key semiconductor wafer suppliers. • We expect continued intense competition, including from vertical integration by certain of our customers (for example, Samsung and Huawei). • Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects and results of operations. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, including the Risk Factor titled “ A significant portion of our business is concentrated in China, and the risks of such concentration are exacerbated by U.S./China trade and national security tensions. ” We have recently extended, renewed or entered into license agreements with several key OEMs, and we are currently negotiating with several other key OEMs whose agreements expire in early fiscal 2025. We have also been engaged in extended negotiations with a growing, as-yet-unlicensed China-headquartered OEM that sells primarily in developing regions. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, including the Risk Factor titled “ The continued and future success of our licensing programs requires us to continue to evolve our patent portfolio and to renew or renegotiate license agreements that are expiring. ” 23 In addition to the foregoing business and market-based matters, we continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing programs and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and not welcome the success of our licensing programs in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies and/or governments or regulators may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Further discussion of risks related to our business is provided in the section titled “Risk Factors” included in this Quarterly Report. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations and cash provided by our debt programs. The following tables present selected financial information related to our liquidity at December 24, 2023 and September 24, 2023 and for the first three months of fiscal 2024 and 2023 (in millions): (1) Excludes $61 million and $77 million of cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale at December 24, 2023 and September 24, 2023, respectively. (2) Includes our issued debt reported as long-term and $914 million reported as short-term debt (which matures in May 2024). As of December 24, 2023 and September 24, 2023, our credit facility was undrawn, and we had no commercial paper outstanding. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The net increase in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities for the first quarter of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to net cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by $895 million in cash dividends paid, $784 million in payments to repurchase 6 million shares of our common stock, $370 million in payments of tax withholdings related to the vesting of share-based awards and $214 million in capital expenditures. During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we paid $1.0 billion related to certain previously postponed U.S. federal income tax-payments from fiscal 2023, negatively impacting net cash provided by operating activities. Net changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the first quarter of fiscal 2024 did not have a material impact on our net cash provided by operating activities. Capital Return Program. Our stock repurchase program is subject to periodic evaluations to determine when and if repurchases are in the best interests of our stockholders, and we may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue repurchases at any time. We currently intend to continue to use cash dividends as a means of returning capital to stockholders, subject to capital availability and our view that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders, among other factors. Additional information regarding our capital returns is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 4. Capital Stock.” 24 Additional Capital Requirements. Expected working and other capital requirements are described in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K in “