OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in “Part I, Item 1” of this Quarterly Report and with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for the fiscal year ended September 24, 2023 contained in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Quarterly Report (including but not limited to this section titled Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) contains forward-looking statements. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as our future business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition; research and development or technology investments; new or enhanced products, services or technologies; emerging industries or business models; design wins or product launches; industry, market or technology trends, dynamics or transitions; our expectations regarding future demand or supply conditions; strategic investments or acquisitions, and the anticipated timing or benefits thereof; legal or regulatory matters; U.S./China trade or national security tensions; vertical integration by our customers; competition; annual effective tax rates; and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are also forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report reflect our good faith judgment, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report . Readers are ur ged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Quarterly Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Third Quarter Fiscal 2024 Overview Revenues for the third quarter of fiscal 2024 were $9.4 billion, an increase of 11% compared to the year ago quarter, with net income of $2.1 billion, an increase of 18% compared to the year ago quarter. Key items from the third quarter of fiscal 2024 included: • QCT revenues increased by 12% in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 compared to the year ago quarter, due to higher handsets and automotive revenues, partially offset by lower IoT revenues. • QTL revenues increased by 3% in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 compared to the year ago quarter, due to an increase in estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products. Our Business and Operating Segments We develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. We are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments. We conduct business primarily through our QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) semiconductor business and our QTL (Qualcomm Technology Licensing) licensing business. Our QSI (Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives) reportable segment makes strategic investments. We also have nonreportable segments, including QGOV (Qualcomm Government Technologies) and our cloud computing processing initiative. Our reportable segments are operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. QTL is operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated, which owns the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Substantially all of our products and services businesses, including QCT, and substantially all of our engineering and research and development functions are operated by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (QTI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of QUALCOMM Incorporated, and QTI’s subsidiaries. Neither QTI nor any of its subsidiaries has any right, power or authority to grant any licenses or other rights under or to any patents owned by QUALCOMM Incorporated. 19 Seasonality. Many of our products and much of our intellectual property are incorporated into consumer wireless devices, which are subject to seasonality and other fluctuations in demand. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles (such as the transition to the next generation of wireless technologies). This has resulted in fluctuations in QCT revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products and in QTL revenues when licensees’ sales occur. These trends may or may not continue in the future. Further, the trends for QTL have been, and may in the future be, impacted by disputes and/or resolutions with licensees and/or governmental investigations or proceedings. Results of Operations Third quarter 2024 vs. 2023 The increase in revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to $880 million in higher equipment and services revenues from our QCT segment. First nine months 2024 vs. 2023 The increase in revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to $1.5 billion in higher equipment and services revenues from our QCT segment. Third quarter 2024 vs. 2023 Gross margin percentage increased in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 primarily due to an increase in QCT gross margin. First nine months 2024 vs. 2023 Gross margin percentage remained flat in the first nine months of fiscal 2024. Third quarter 2024 vs. 2023 Research and development expenses remained approximately flat in the third quarter of fiscal 2024. First nine months 2024 vs. 2023 The decrease in research and development expenses in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to: - $174 million decrease driven by lower costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies (including 5G and application processor technologies). This was primarily driven by a decrease in employee-related costs as a result of certain restructuring actions initiated in fiscal 2023 (which were substantially completed by the first quarter of fiscal 2024) to fund continued investments in key growth and diversification opportunities, partially offset by higher employee cash incentive program costs. + $49 million increase in share-based compensation expense 20 Third quarter 2024 vs. 2023 The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to an increase in sales and marketing expenses. First nine months 2024 vs. 2023 The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to: + $34 million increase in sales and marketing expenses + $29 million increase in litigation costs + $22 million increase in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation obligation Third quarter and first nine months 2024 vs. 2023 Other expenses in the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2024 primarily consisted of a $75 million charge related to the proposed settlement of the securities class action lawsuit. Other expenses in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 included certain restructuring amounts (substantially all of which related to accrued severance costs) from cost reduction actions initiated in fiscal 2023. The increase in interest and dividend income in the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to higher interest rates earned on higher balances of interest-bearing securities. Net gains on other investments in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by certain of our QSI non-marketable equity investments. 21 Income Tax Expense (in millions, except percentages) The following table summarizes the primary factors that caused our income tax provision to differ from the expected income tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory rate: For the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we estimated our annual effective income tax rate to be 7% for fiscal 2024, which is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, and excluded the effects of an intra-group transfer of intellectual property to better align certain intellectual property ownership within our QCT business that is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. While we continue to assess the accounting impact of the transfer, we currently expect that such transfer will result in the recognition of a tax benefit of approximately $400 million during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 from the establishment of a deferred tax asset. Additional information regarding our annual effective income tax rate and income tax expense is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements, Note 3. Income Taxes.” Discontinued operations in the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2024 and 2023 are related to the Non-Arriver businesses. Information regarding the Non-Arriver businesses is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items - Discontinued Operations.” 22 Segment Results The following should be read in conjunction with our financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2024 for each reportable segment included in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6. Segment Information.” QCT Segment (in millions, except percentages) (1) Descriptions of our three QCT revenue streams can be found in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items.” (2) Earnings (loss) before income taxes. Substantially all of QCT’s revenues consist of equipment and services revenues, which were $7.9 billion and $7.1 billion in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, and $24.1 billion and $22.6 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. QCT handsets, automotive and IoT revenues mostly relate to sales of our Snapdragon platforms (which include processors and modems), stand-alone Mobile Data Modems, radio frequency transceiver, power management and wireless connectivity integrated chipsets as well as sales of 4G, 5G sub 6 and 5G millimeter wave RFFE products. Third quarter 2024 vs. 2023 The increase in QCT revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to: + higher handsets revenues, due to $443 million in higher chipset shipments driven by certain major OEMs (primarily driven by the normalization of customer inventory levels, which were elevated in the prior year) and $159 million in higher revenues per chipset driven by favorable mix toward higher-tier Snapdragon platforms + higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand from new vehicle launches with our Snapdragon digital cockpit products - lower IoT revenues, primarily driven by unfavorable mix QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 primarily due to: + higher revenues + higher gross margin percentage, primarily driven by lower net product reserve charges First nine months 2024 vs. 2023 The increase in QCT revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to: + higher handsets revenues, due to $885 million in higher chipset shipments driven by certain major OEMs (primarily driven by the normalization of customer inventory levels, which were elevated in the prior year) and $741 million in higher revenues per chipset primarily driven by favorable mix toward higher-tier Snapdragon platforms + higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand from new vehicle launches with our Snapdragon digital cockpit products - lower IoT revenues, due to $616 million in lower revenues per unit primarily driven by unfavorable mix and $200 million decrease in demand (primarily in edge networking products as customers continue drawing down on their elevated inventory levels, partially offset by consumer products) QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 primarily due to: + higher revenues + lower research and development expenses 23 QTL Segment (in millions, except percentages) Third quarter 2024 vs. 2023 The increase in QTL licensing revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to an increase in estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products. QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 primarily due to: + lower cost of sales driven by a decrease in amortization expense related to acquired patents + higher revenues First nine months 2024 vs. 2023 The increase in QTL licensing revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to: + $188 million increase in estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products - $115 million decrease in estimated revenues per unit - $68 million decrease in revenues from the ending of the recognition of certain upfront license fee consideration in the first quarter of fiscal 2023 from our long-term license agreement with Nokia QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 primarily due to lower cost of sales driven by a decrease in amortization expense related to acquired patents. QSI Segment (in millions) Third quarter 2024 vs. 2023 QSI segment results were not material in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 and 2023. First nine months 2024 vs. 2023 QSI EBT increased in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 primarily due to net gains on certain of our non-marketable equity investments. Looking Forward We believe that 5G combined with high-performance, low-power processing and on-device intelligence will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long-term. As we look forward to the next several quarters: • We expect certain IoT customers (primarily in edge networking) will continue to draw down on their inventory (which remains at elevated levels), which will continue to have a negative impact on our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. • Our inventory levels continue to be elevated, and we expect this will continue in the near term. If we overestimate future customer demand, it may result in increased excess or obsolete inventory or reserve charges, negatively impacting our results of operations and cash flows. • We expect transitions to new generations of leading process technology nodes to continue to drive product cost increases from certain of our key semiconductor wafer suppliers. • We expect continued intense competition, including from vertical integration by certain of our customers. 24 • Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects and results of operations. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, including the Risk Factor titled “ A significant portion of our business is concentrated in China, and the risks of such concentration are exacerbated by U.S./China trade and national security tensions. ” We have recently extended, renewed or entered into license agreements with several key OEMs. We are currently pursuing negotiations with other key OEMs whose agreements expire in early fiscal 2025 (including Huawei). In addition, we have recently entered into a license agreement with Shenzhen Transsion Holdings Limited (a growing, China-headquartered OEM that sells primarily in developing regions) for its 5G products. While we continue to engage in negotiations toward a comprehensive resolution, we have initiated litigation against Transsion in multiple jurisdictions to enforce our intellectual property rights against certain of its unlicensed products. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, including the Risk Factors titled “ The continued and future success of our licensing programs requires us to continue to evolve our patent portfolio and to renew or renegotiate license agreements that are expiring ” and “The enforcement and protection of our intellectual property may be expensive, could fail to prevent misappropriation or unauthorized use of our intellectual property, could result in the loss of our ability to enforce one or more patents, and could be adversely affected by changes in patent laws, by laws in certain foreign jurisdictions that may not effectively protect our intellectual property and by ineffective enforcement of laws in such jurisdictions.” In addition to the foregoing business and market-based matters, we continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing programs and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and not welcome the success of our licensing programs in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies and/or governments or regulators may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Further discussion of risks related to our business is provided in the section titled “Risk Factors” included in this Quarterly Report. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations and cash provided by our debt programs. The following tables present selected financial information related to our liquidity at June 23, 2024 and September 24, 2023 and for the first nine months of fiscal 2024 and 2023 (in millions): (1) Excludes $77 million of cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale at September 24, 2023. (2) Includes our issued debt reported as long-term and short-term. We had $1.4 billion (which matures in May 2025) and $914 million (which matured in May 2024) reported as short-term debt at June 23, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. As of June 23, 2024 and September 24, 2023, our credit facility was undrawn, and we had no commercial paper outstanding. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The net increase in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities for the first nine months of fiscal 2024 was primarily due to net cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by $2.8 billion in payments to repurchase 18 million shares of our common stock, $2.7 billion in cash dividends paid, $914 million in 25 repayment of fixed-rate notes that matured in May 2024, $797 million in payments of tax withholdings related to the vesting of share-based awards and $785 million in capital expenditures. During the first nine months of fiscal 2024, income taxes paid were in excess of our provision, negatively impacting net cash provided by operating activities. This was primarily driven by the adverse impact of the requirement to capitalize and amortize research and development expenditures for federal income tax purposes, our payment of $1.0 billion related to certain previously postponed U.S. federal income tax-payments from fiscal 2023 and an installment payment for a one-time U.S. repatriation tax accrued in fiscal 2018 of $414 million. Net changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the first nine months of fiscal 2024 positively impacted our operating cash flows primarily from an increase in accounts payable due to timing and amount of inventory purchases, an increase in accrued customer incentives, which included the impact of timing of related payments, and a decrease in inventory as we sold a portion of our elevated inventory. This was partially offset by approximately $385 million in severance payments related to restructuring actions initiated in fiscal 2023. Capital Return Program. Our stock repurchase program is subject to periodic evaluations to determine when and if repurchases are in the best interests of our stockholders, and we may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue repurchases at any time. We currently intend to continue to use cash dividends as a means of returning capital to stockholders, subject to capital availability and our view that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders, among other factors. Additional information regarding our capital returns is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 4. Capital Stock.” Additional Capital Requirements. Expected working and other capital requirements are described in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K in “