OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in “Part I, Item 1” of this Quarterly Report and with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2022 contained in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Quarterly Report (including but not limited to this section titled Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) contains forward-looking statements. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as our future business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition; research and development or technology investments; new or enhanced products, services or technologies; emerging industries or business models; design wins or product launches; industry, market or technology trends, dynamics or transitions; our expectations regarding future demand or supply conditions or macroeconomic factors; strategic investments or acquisitions, and the anticipated timing or benefits thereof; cost reduction initiatives, associated restructuring charges and the anticipated timing thereof; legal or regulatory matters; U.S./China trade or national security tensions; vertical integration by our customers; competition; annual effective tax rates; and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are also forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report reflect our good faith judgment, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report . Readers are ur ged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Quarterly Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Overview Revenues for the third quarter of fiscal 2023 were $8.5 billion, a decrease of 23% compared to the year ago quarter, with net income of $1.8 billion, a decrease of 52% compared to the year ago quarter. Key items from the third quarter of fiscal 2023 included: • Revenues were negatively impacted by the weakness in the macroeconomic environment (which negatively impacted consumer demand for smartphones and other devices that incorporate our products and technologies) and our customers drawing down on their inventory (which remained at elevated levels). • QCT revenues decreased by 24% in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 compared to the year ago quarter primarily due to lower handset and IoT revenues. • QTL revenues decreased by 19% in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 compared to the year ago quarter. Our Business and Operating Segments We develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. We are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments. We conduct business primarily through our QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) semiconductor business and our QTL (Qualcomm Technology Licensing) licensing business. Our QSI (Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives) reportable segment makes strategic investments. We also have nonreportable segments, including QGOV (Qualcomm Government Technologies) and our cloud AI inference processing initiative. Our reportable segments are operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. QTL is operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated, which owns the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Substantially all of our products and services businesses, including QCT, and substantially all of our engineering and research and development functions, are operated by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (QTI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of QUALCOMM Incorporated, 21 and QTI’s subsidiaries. Neither QTI nor any of its subsidiaries has any right, power or authority to grant any licenses or other rights under or to any patents owned by QUALCOMM Incorporated. Seasonality. Many of our products and much of our intellectual property are incorporated into consumer wireless devices, which are subject to seasonality and other fluctuations in demand. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles (such as the transition to the next generation of wireless technologies). This has resulted in fluctuations in QCT revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products and in QTL revenues when licensees’ sales occur. These trends may or may not continue in the future. Results of Operations Third quarter 2023 vs. 2022 The decrease in revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to: - $2.2 billion in lower equipment and services revenues from our QCT segment - $289 million in lower licensing revenues from our QTL segment First nine months 2023 vs. 2022 The decrease in revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to: - $4.6 billion in lower equipment and services revenues from our QCT segment - $873 million in lower licensing revenues from our QTL segment Third quarter and first nine months 2023 vs. 2022 Gross margin percentage decreased in the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2023 primarily due to a decrease in QCT gross margin. 22 Third quarter 2023 vs. 2022 The increase in research and development expenses in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to: + $80 million increase in share-based compensation expense + $71 million increase in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation plan obligation on higher relative stock market performance First nine months 2023 vs. 2022 The increase in research and development expenses in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to: + $296 million increase in share-based compensation expense + $256 million increase driven by higher costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies (including 5G and application processor technologies), primarily driven by an increase in employee-related expenses (which included lower employee cash incentive program costs) + $114 million increase in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation plan obligation on higher relative stock market performance Third quarter 2023 vs. 2022 The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to: - $60 million decrease in acquisition-related expenses, primarily related to the Veoneer transaction which closed in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 - $38 million decrease in employee-related expenses (which included lower employee cash incentive program costs) + $55 million increase in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation plan obligation on higher relative stock market performance First nine months 2023 vs. 2022 The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to: - $83 million decrease in employee-related expenses (which included lower employee cash incentive program costs) - $71 million decrease in acquisition-related expenses, primarily related to the Veoneer transaction which closed in the third quarter of fiscal 2022 + $87 million increase in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation plan obligation on higher relative stock market performance Third quarter and first nine months 2023 vs. 2022 Other expense in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 consisted of restructuring and restructuring-related charges, substantially all of which related to severance costs, resulting from certain cost reduction initiatives committed to in fiscal 2023. Additional information regarding our restructuring charges is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items - Other Income, Costs and Expenses.” Other income in the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2022 consisted of a $1.1 billion benefit resulting from the 2018 EC fine reversal. 23 Interest expense for the three and nine months ended June 26, 2022 included a $62 million reversal of accrued interest previously recorded related to the annulled 2018 EC fine. Net losses on marketable securities for the three and nine months ended June 26, 2022 was primarily driven by the change in fair value of certain of our QSI marketable equity investments in early or growth stage companies. 24 Income Tax Expense (in millions, except percentages) The following table summarizes the primary factors that caused our income tax provision to differ from the expected income tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory rate: We estimate our annual effective income tax rate to be 6% for fiscal 2023, which is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate. Additional information regarding our annual effective income tax rate and income tax expense (including discussion related to the impact of the new requirement to capitalize research and development expenditures for federal income tax purposes) is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements, Note 3. Income Taxes.” Discontinued operations in the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2023 primarily related to a $183 million gain (net of income tax expense) recognized upon the sale of the Active Safety business, partially offset by net losses from the Non-Arriver businesses. Information regarding the Non-Arriver businesses, including the Active Safety business, is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 8. Acquisitions and Divestitures.” 25 Segment Results The following should be read in conjunction with our financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2023 for each reportable segment included in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7. Segment Information.” QCT Segment (in millions, except percentages) (1) Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2023, QCT RFFE (radio frequency front-end) revenues, which were previously presented as a separate revenue stream, are now included within our Handset, Automotive and internet of things (IoT) revenue streams, as applicable, based on the industry and application in which the related RFFE products are sold. Prior period information has been recast to reflect this change. Descriptions of our three QCT revenue streams can be found in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2. Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items.” (2) Earnings before income taxes. Substantially all of QCT’s revenues consist of equipment and services revenues, which were $7.1 billion and $9.2 billion in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively and $22.6 billion and $27.3 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. QCT handsets, automotive and IoT revenues mostly relate to sales of our Snapdragon platforms (which include processors and modems), stand-alone Mobile Data Modems, radio frequency transceiver, power management and wireless connectivity integrated chipsets as well as sales of 4G, 5G sub 6 and 5G millimeter wave RFFE products. Third quarter 2023 vs. 2022 The decrease in QCT revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to: - lower handsets revenues, primarily driven by $1.9 billion in lower chipset shipments to certain major OEMs (primarily driven by the negative effects of the macroeconomic environment weakness and customers drawing down on their elevated inventory levels), partially offset by $303 million in higher revenues per chipset primarily driven by favorable mix and increases in average selling prices - lower IoT revenues, primarily driven by a decrease in demand across consumer, edge networking and industrial products (primarily driven by the negative effects of the macroeconomic environment weakness and elevated customer inventory levels) QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues decreased in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 primarily due to: - lower revenues - lower gross margin percentage, primarily driven by increased product costs, partially offset by lower product reserve charges First nine months 2023 vs. 2022 The decrease in QCT revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to: - lower handsets revenues, primarily driven by $4.9 billion in lower chipset shipments to certain major OEMs (primarily driven by the negative effects of the macroeconomic environment weakness and customers drawing down on their elevated inventory levels), partially offset by $1.1 billion in higher revenues per chipset primarily driven by favorable mix and increases in average selling prices - lower IoT revenues, primarily driven by a decrease in demand across consumer and edge networking products (primarily driven by the negative effects of the macroeconomic environment weakness and elevated customer inventory levels) 26 + higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for digital cockpit products QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues decreased in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 primarily due to: - lower revenues - lower gross margin percentage, primarily driven by increased product costs, partially offset by increases in average selling prices - higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher research and development expenses QTL Segment (in millions, except percentages) Third quarter 2023 vs. 2022 The decrease in QTL licensing revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to: - $161 million decrease in volume of estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products, primarily driven by the macroeconomic environment weakness - $68 million decrease in revenues from the ending of the recognition of certain upfront license fee consideration in the first quarter of fiscal 2023 from our long-term license agreement with Nokia QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues decreased in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 primarily due to lower revenues. First nine months 2023 vs. 2022 The decrease in QTL licensing revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to: - $665 million decrease in volume of estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products, primarily driven by the macroeconomic environment weakness - $136 million decrease in revenues from the ending of the recognition of certain upfront license fee consideration in the first quarter of fiscal 2023 from our long-term license agreement with Nokia QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues decreased in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 primarily due to lower revenues. QSI Segment (in millions) Third quarter 2023 vs. 2022 The decrease in QSI loss before income taxes in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to a $72 million decrease in net losses on investments, which was primarily driven by the change in fair value of certain of our marketable equity investments in early or growth stage companies. First nine months 2023 vs. 2022 The decrease in QSI loss before income taxes in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to a $248 million decrease in net losses on investments, which was primarily driven by the change in fair value of certain of our marketable equity investments in early or growth stage companies, partially offset by a $54 million increase in impairment losses on certain investments. Looking Forward In the coming years, we expect consumer demand for 3G/4G/5G multimode and 5G products and services to continue to ramp around the world as we continue to transition from 3G/4G multimode and 4G products and services. We believe that 5G combined with high-performance, low-power processing and on-device intelligence will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, 27 intellectual property creation and licensing, and a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long-term. As we look forward to the next several quarters: • We expect the current macroeconomic environment challenges to continue (which will negatively impact demand for smartphones and other devices that incorporate our products and technologies) and that our customers will continue to draw down on their inventory (which remains at elevated levels), and that both of these dynamics will continue to have a negative impact on our revenues, results of operations and cash flows compared to the prior year, and will impact our historical QCT seasonal trends. These dynamics have also contributed to our elevated inventory levels and contribute to the inherent uncertainties in estimating future customer demand, which may increase excess or obsolete inventory or reserve charges if we overestimate such demand, negatively impacting our results of operations and cash flows. • We expect to continue to see product cost increases from certain of our key semiconductor wafer suppliers compared to the prior year. • We expect commercial 5G network deployments and device launches will continue. • We expect continued intense competition, particularly in China, including from increasing vertical integration by certain of our customers. • Given the continued uncertainty in the macroeconomic and demand environment, we expect to take additional restructuring actions to enable continued investments in key growth and diversification opportunities. While we are in the process of developing our plans, we currently expect these actions to consist largely of workforce reductions, and in connection with any such actions we would expect to incur significant additional restructuring charges, a substantial portion of which we expect to incur in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. We currently anticipate these additional actions to be substantially completed in the first half of fiscal 2024. • Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects and results of operations. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, including the Risk Factor titled “ A significant portion of our business is concentrated in China, and the risks of such concentration are exacerbated by U.S./China trade and national security tensions. ” In addition to the foregoing business and market-based matters, we continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing programs and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and not welcome the success of our licensing programs in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies and/or governments or regulators may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Further discussion of risks related to our business is provided in the section titled “Risk Factors” included in this Quarterly Report. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations and cash provided by our debt programs. The following tables present selected financial information related to our liquidity at June 25, 2023 and September 25, 2022 and for the first nine months of fiscal 2023 and 2022 (in millions): (1) Excludes $90 million and $326 million of cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale (included in other current assets) at June 25, 2023 and September 25, 2022, respectively. 28 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The net increase in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was primarily due to net cash provided by operating activities, the issuance of $1.9 billion of unsecured fixed-rate notes (additional information regarding our issuance of debt is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 5. Debt”), $1.5 billion in net cash proceeds from the sale of the Active Safety business (additional information regarding the sale of the Active Safety business is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 8. Acquisitions and Divestitures”) and $233 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock (primarily under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan), partially offset by $2.6 billion in payments to repurchase 21 million shares of our common stock, $2.6 billion in cash dividends paid, $1.4 billion repayments of notes that matured in January 2023, $1.2 billion in capital expenditures, $499 million in payments of tax withholdings related to the vesting of share-based awards and $498 million in net repayments of commercial paper. Net changes in our operating assets and liabilities negatively impacted our operating cash flows primarily due to lower operating liabilities and higher inventory resulting primarily from lower customer demand and the impact of timing of related payments. We expect to continue to see elevated inventory levels in the near term. These negative impacts were partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable primarily as a result of lower revenues and a decrease in other assets primarily driven by utilization of prior advanced supply agreement payments and certain settlement payments received associated with our forward starting interest rate swaps. Capital Return Program. Our stock repurchase program is subject to periodic evaluations to determine when and if repurchases are in the best interests of our stockholders, and we may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue repurchases at any time. We currently intend to continue to use cash dividends as a means of returning capital to stockholders, subject to capital availability and our view that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders, among other factors. Additional information regarding our capital returns is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 4. Capital Stock.” Debt. During the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we amended our Revolving Credit Facility, which provides for unsecured revolving facility loans, swing line loans and letters of credit in an aggregate amount of up to $4.3 billion (compared to $4.5 billion prior to the amendment), which expires on December 8, 2025. At June 25, 2023, no amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. Additional information regarding our outstanding debt is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 5. Debt.” Income Taxes. Beginning in fiscal 2023, for federal income tax purposes, we are required to capitalize and amortize domestic research and development expenditures over five years and foreign research and development expenditures over fifteen years (such expenditures were previously deducted as incurred). Our cash flows from operations will be adversely affected due to significantly higher cash tax payments. We estimate the additional cash tax impact related to fiscal 2023 to be approximately $1.1 billion. Due to an announcement by the IRS, our remaining current year U.S. federal income tax-payment deadlines have been postponed until October 2023. Additional information regarding our income taxes is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 3. Income Taxes.” Additional Capital Requirements. Expected working and other capital requirements are described in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K in “