OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in “Part I, Item 1” of this Quarterly Report and with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2020 contained in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Quarterly Report (including but not limited to this section titled Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, investments, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Forward-looking statements further include but are not limited to statements regarding industry, market, business, product, technology, commercial, competitive or consumer trends, including seasonality; the 5G transition; our businesses, growth potential or strategies, or factors that may impact them; challenges to our licensing business, including by licensees, governments, governmental agencies or regulators, standards bodies or others; challenges to our QCT business; other legal or regulatory matters; competition; new or expanded product areas, adjacent industry segments and applications; costs or expenditures including research and development, selling, general and administrative, restructuring or restructuring-related charges, working capital or information technology (IT) systems; our debt, financing, stock repurchase or dividend programs; our liquidity and capital resources, including our expected increase in operating cash outflows to secure long-term capacity commitments with certain of our suppliers; strategic investments or acquisitions, and the anticipated timing or benefits thereof; the potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic; adoption and application of future accounting guidance; tax law changes; our tax structure or strategies; U.S./China trade or national security policies; and the potential business or financial statement impacts of any of the above, among others. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates” and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report. Although forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report reflect our good faith judgment, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report . Readers are ur ged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Quarterly Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Overview Revenues for the third quarter of fiscal 2021 were $8.1 billion, an increase of 65% compared to the year ago quarter, with net income of $2.0 billion, an increase of 140% compared to the year ago quarter. Highlights from the third quarter of fiscal 2021 included: • QCT revenues increased by 70% in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 compared to the year ago quarter, primarily due to an increase in demand for 5G products across handsets and RFFE, in part reflecting a recovery of the negative impacts of COVID-19, along with higher automotive and IoT revenues. • QTL revenues increased by 43% in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 compared to the year ago quarter, primarily due to an increase in estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products, which was primarily driven by a recovery from the negative impacts of COVID-19. Our Business and Operating Segments We develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. We are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments. We conduct business primarily through our QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) semiconductor business and our QTL (Qualcomm Technology Licensing) licensing business. Our QSI (Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives) reportable segment makes strategic investments. We also have nonreportable segments, including QGOV (Qualcomm Government Technologies), our cloud AI inference processing initiative and other technology and service initiatives. 22 Our reportable segments are operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. QTL is operated by QUALCOMM Incorporated, which owns the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Substantially all of our products and services businesses, including QCT, and substantially all of our engineering, research and development functions, are operated by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (QTI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of QUALCOMM Incorporated, and QTI’s subsidiaries. Neither QTI nor any of its subsidiaries has any right, power or authority to grant any licenses or other rights under or to any patents owned by QUALCOMM Incorporated. Seasonality. Many of our products and much of our intellectual property are incorporated into consumer wireless devices, which are subject to seasonality and other fluctuations in demand. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles (such as the transition to the next generation of wireless technologies). This has resulted in fluctuations in QCT revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products and in QTL revenues when licensees’ sales occur. We expect QCT revenues to continue to be impacted by seasonal trends related to product launch timing for sales made to Apple under our multi-year chipset supply agreement. These trends may or may not continue in the future and have been impacted in the past by declines in consumer demand resulting from COVID-19. Further, the trends for QTL have been, and may in the future be, impacted by disputes and/or resolutions with licensees and/or governmental investigations or proceedings. Results of Operations Third quarter 2021 vs. 2020 The increase in revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to: + $2.6 billion in higher equipment and services revenues from our QCT segment + $445 million in higher licensing revenues from our QTL segment First nine months 2021 vs. 2020 The increase in revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to: + $7.7 billion in higher equipment and services revenues from our QCT segment + $1.2 billion in higher licensing revenues from our QTL segment Third quarter 2021 vs. 2020 Gross margin percentage increased in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 primarily due to higher QTL revenues. First nine months 2021 vs. 2020 Gross margin percentage remained flat in the first nine months of fiscal 2021. 23 Third quarter 2021 vs. 2020 The increase in research and development expenses in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to: + $248 million increase driven by higher costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies (including 5G and application processor technologies), a portion of which was attributable to higher employee cash incentive program costs + $103 million increase in share-based compensation expense First nine months 2021 vs. 2020 The increase in research and development expenses in the first nine months of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to: + $585 million increase driven by higher costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies (including 5G and application processor technologies), a portion of which was attributable to higher employee cash incentive program costs + $267 million increase in share-based compensation expense + $52 million increase in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation obligation on improved stock market performance (which resulted in a corresponding increase in net gains on deferred compensation plan assets within investment and other income, net due to the revaluation of the related assets) Third quarter 2021 vs. 2020 The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to: + $101 million increase in employee-related expenses, a portion of which was attributable to higher employee cash incentive program costs + $23 million increase in share-based compensation expense - $23 million decrease in litigation costs First nine months 2021 vs. 2020 The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in the first nine months of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to: + $120 million increase in employee-related expenses, primarily driven by higher employee cash incentive program costs + $66 million increase in share-based compensation expense + $46 million increase in expenses driven by revaluation of our deferred compensation obligation on improved stock market performance (which resulted in a corresponding increase in net gains on deferred compensation plan assets within investment and other income, net due to the revaluation of the related assets) - $61 million decrease in litigation costs First nine months 2020 Other income in the first nine months of fiscal 2020 consisted of a $23 million gain related to a favorable legal settlement. 24 Net gains on other investments for the nine months ended June 27, 2021 was driven primarily by realized gains resulting from the sale of certain of our QSI non-marketable investments. The impairment losses on other investments for the nine months ended June 28, 2020 were due in part to the impact COVID-19 had on certain of our investees. A significant portion of the impairment losses related to our investment in OneWeb who filed for bankruptcy in the second quarter of fiscal 2020. Income Tax Expense (in millions, except percentages) The following table summarizes the primary factors that caused our income tax provision to differ from the expected income tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory rate: We estimate our annual effective income tax rate to be 11% for fiscal 2021, which is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to a significant portion of our income qualifying for preferential treatment as foreign-derived intangible income (FDII) at a 13% effective tax rate, excess tax benefits associated with share-based awards and benefits from our federal research and development tax credit. In the first quarter of fiscal 2021, the United States Treasury Department issued final regulations on the foreign tax credit, which generally are applicable beginning in fiscal 2021, with certain provisions retroactive to fiscal 2019. As a result of these regulations, our fiscal 2021 estimated annual effective tax rate increased by approximately 1%. The retroactive 25 impact resulting from these new regulations, which was related to fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020 and recorded discretely in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, was not significant. Segment Results The following should be read in conjunction with our financial results for the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2021 for each reportable segment included in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6. Segment Information.” QCT Segment (in millions, except percentages) (1) Includes revenues from products sold for use in mobile handsets, excluding RFFE (radio frequency front-end) components. (2) Includes all revenues from sales of 4G, 5G sub-6 and 5G millimeter wave RFFE products (a substantial portion of which are sold for use in handsets) and excludes radio frequency transceiver components. (3) Includes revenues from products sold for use in automobiles, including telematics, connectivity and infotainment (also known as digital cockpit). (4) Primarily includes products sold for use in the following industry segments and applications: consumer (including computing, voice and music and XR), industrial (including handhelds, retail, transportation and logistics, and utilities) and edge networking (including mobile broadband and wireless access points). (5) Earnings (loss) before income taxes. Substantially all of QCT’s revenues consist of equipment and services revenues, which were $6.4 billion and $3.8 billion in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, and $19.0 billion and $11.3 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. QCT handsets, automotive and IoT revenues mostly relate to sales of our stand-alone Mobile Data Modems, Snapdragon platforms (which include processors and modems), radio frequency transceiver, power management and wireless connectivity integrated chipsets. QCT results for the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2021 compared to the prior year reflect a recovery from the negative impacts of COVID-19. Third quarter 2021 vs. 2020 The increase in QCT revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to: + higher handsets revenues, primarily driven by $893 million in higher chipset shipments and $445 million in higher revenues per chipset, both of which were primarily due to an increase in demand for 5G products from Apple and other major OEMs + higher RFFE revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for 4G/5G products from major OEMs + higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for telematics and infotainment products + higher IoT revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand across consumer, edge networking and industrial QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 primarily due to: + higher revenues - higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher research and development expenses First nine months 2021 vs. 2020 The increase in QCT revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to: + higher handsets revenues, primarily driven by $3.2 billion in higher chipset shipments and $1.3 billion in higher revenues per chipset, both of which were primarily due to an increase in demand for 5G products from Apple and other major OEMs 26 + higher RFFE revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for 4G/5G products from Apple and other major OEMs + higher automotive revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand for telematics and infotainment products + higher IoT revenues, primarily driven by an increase in demand across consumer, edge networking and industrial QCT EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the first nine months of fiscal 2021 primarily due to: + higher revenues - higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher research and development expenses QTL Segment (in millions, except percentages) As a result of the global patent license agreement entered into with Huawei in July 2020, QTL results for the first nine months of fiscal 2021 included revenues for royalties due on sales made by Huawei in the December 2020, March 2021 and June 2021 quarters. We did not record any revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2020 for royalties due on the sales of Huawei’s consumer wireless products. Third quarter 2021 vs. 2020 The increase in QTL licensing revenues in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to: + $380 million in higher estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products, primarily due to a recovery from the negative impacts of COVID-19 and, to a lesser extent, due to the new license agreement with Huawei + $77 million in higher estimated revenues per unit, primarily due to favorable mix QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 primarily due to: + higher revenues - higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher research and development expenses First nine months 2021 vs. 2020 The increase in QTL licensing revenues in the first nine months of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to: + $1.2 billion in higher estimated sales of 3G/4G/5G-based multimode products, primarily due to a recovery from the negative impacts of COVID-19 and, to a lesser extent, due to the new license agreement with Huawei + $190 million in higher estimated revenues per unit, primarily due to favorable mix - $109 million in lower royalty revenues related to devices sold in prior periods QTL EBT as a percentage of revenues increased in the first nine months of fiscal 2021 primarily due to: + higher revenues - higher operating expenses, primarily driven by higher research and development expenses QSI Segment (in millions) Third quarter 2021 vs. 2020 QSI EBT remained approximately flat in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. First nine months 2021 vs. 2020 The increase in QSI EBT in the first nine months of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to: + $322 million decrease in impairment losses on other investments, of which a significant portion related to our investment in OneWeb + $113 million increase in net gains on investments + $37 million increase in our share of earnings in equity method investments 27 Looking Forward In the coming years, we expect new consumer demand for 3G/4G/5G multimode and 5G products and services to continue to ramp around the world as we transition from 3G/4G multimode and 4G products and services. We believe that 5G will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industry segments and applications beyond mobile, such as automotive and IoT. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long-term. As we look forward to the next several months and beyond, our business may be impacted by the following key items: • We expect QCT revenues in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 to continue to be favorably impacted compared to the prior year due to increased demand across handset, RFFE and IoT revenue streams. • We have entered into several, and we expect to enter into additional, multi-year capacity purchase commitments with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products in an effort to secure commitments for future supply, which we expect will allow us to realize benefits from increased demand for integrated circuit products by the end of the calendar year, particularly from certain Chinese OEMs as they continue to position to gain device share. • We expect commercial 5G network deployments and device launches will continue through calendar 2021 and beyo nd. • We expect our research and development costs will increase compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased investment towards advancements in 5G and application processor technologies and certain other long-term initiatives, as well as an increase in share-based compensation expense. • We expect continued intense competition, particularly in China. • Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects and results of operations. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, including the Risk Factor titled “ A significant portion of our business is concentrated in China, and the risks of such concentration are exacerbated by U.S./China trade and national security tensions. ” • The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant economic uncertainty, which resulted in a global recession. While the pandemic has had a negative impact on consumer demand for some devices that incorporate our products and intellectual property, as compared to economic conditions and consumer demand prior to the pandemic, we currently do not expect a significant impact on our results of operations in the future due to COVID-19. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. See “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report, specifically the Risk Factor titled “ The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and may continue to impact us in the future.” In addition to the foregoing business and market-based matters, we continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and not welcome the success of our licensing program in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies, and/or governments or regulators, may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Further discussion of risks related to our business is provided in the section titled “Risk Factors” included in this Quarterly Report. 28 Liquidity and Capital Resources Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations and cash provided by our debt programs. The following tables present selected financial information related to our liquidity at June 27, 2021 and September 27, 2020 and for the first nine months of fiscal 2021 and 2020 (in millions): The net increase in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was primarily due to net cash provided by operating activities, $234 million in proceeds from other investments and $174 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock (primarily under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan), partially offset by $2.6 billion in payments to repurchase shares of our common stock, $2.2 billion in cash dividends paid, $1.5 billion in capital expenditures, $1.3 billion in cash paid for acquisitions and other investments (primarily related to the acquisition of NUVIA) and $710 million in payments of tax withholdings related to the vesting of share-based awards. The decrease in accounts receivable was primarily due to payments under the previously disclosed settlement agreement with Huawei. Huawei paid the final installment under such agreement subsequent to June 27, 2021 in accordance with the agreed upon payment schedule. The decrease in accounts receivable was also partially attributable to the timing of collection of payments from certain of our QTL licensees. The increase in inventories was primarily driven by the increase in demand for 5G products. Debt. At June 27, 2021, we had $15.5 billion of principal floating- and fixed-rate notes outstanding, $1.5 billion of which matures in May 2022. The remaining debt has maturity dates in 2023 through 2050. We have an unsecured commercial paper program, which provides for the issuance of up to $4.5 billion of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. At June 27, 2021, we had $500 million of commercial paper outstanding. On December 8, 2020, we entered into a Revolving Credit Facility replacing our prior Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility at the time of termination. The Revolving Credit Facility provides for unsecured revolving facility loans, swing line loans and letters of credit in an aggregate amount of up to $4.5 billion, which expires on December 8, 2025. At June 27, 2021, no amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. We expect to issue debt in the future. The amount and timing of such debt will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to maturities of our existing debt, acquisitions and strategic investments, favorable and/or acceptable interest rates and changes in corporate income tax law. Additional information regarding our outstanding debt is provided in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6. Debt” in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Income Taxes. At June 27, 2021, we estimated remaining future payments of $1.9 billion for the one-time U.S. repatriation tax accrued in fiscal 2018, after application of certain tax credits, which is payable in installments over the next five years. At June 27, 2021, other current liabilities included $196 million for the next installment due in January 2022. Additional information regarding our income taxes is provided in this Quarterly Report in “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 3. Income Taxes.” 29 Capital Return Program. I n fiscal 2018, we announced a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to $30 billion of our common stock. The stock repurchase program has no expiration date. In the first nine months of fiscal 2021, we repurchased and retired 18 million shares of our common stock for $2.6 billion, befo re commissions. At June 27, 2021, $2.0 billion remained authorized for repurchase under the stock repurchase program. Our stock repurchase program is subject to periodic evaluations to determine when and if repurchases are in the best interests of our stockholders, and we may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue repurchases at any time. In the first nine months of fiscal 2021, we paid cash dividends totaling $2.2 billion, or $1.98 per share. On July 14, 2021, we announced a cash dividend of $0.68 per share on our common stock, payable on September 23, 2021 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on September 2, 2021. We currently intend to continue to use cash dividends as a means of returning capital to stockholders, subject to capital availability and our view that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders, among other factors. Long-term Capacity Commitments . In the third quarter of fiscal 2021, we entered into several multi-year capacity purchase commitments with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products. Failure to meet future minimum purchase volumes may result in incremental fees or the loss of amounts paid in advance. We currently expect to meet all future minimum purchase volume commitments in addition to other requirements related to advance and/or ongoing payment obligations. As a result of these arrangements, our future purchase obligation commitments have increased materially since September 27, 2020. As of June 27, 2021, approximately $900 million remained unpaid related to advance and/or ongoing payments under these agreements. We expect an increase in operating cash outflows as we make payment under these arrangements and as we enter into additional agreements with certain suppliers of our integrated circuit products. Additional Capital Requirements. Expected working and other capital requirements are described in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K in “