We have provided updated Risk Factors in the section labeled “Risk Factors” in “Part I, Item 2, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We do not believe those updates have materially changed the type or magnitude of the risks we face in comparison to the disclosure provided in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our purchases of our equity securities in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 were: (1) Average Price Paid Per Share excludes cash paid for commissions. (2) On July 26, 2018, we announced a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to $30.0 billion of our common stock. On October 12, 2021, we announced a new $10.0 billion stock repurchase authorization, which was in addition to the remaining repurchase authority under the previous program. The stock repurchase programs have no expiration date . Shares withheld to satisfy statutory tax withholding requirements related to the vesting of share-based awards are not issued or considered stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program and, therefore, are excluded from the table above. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities In January 2021, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) for the acquisition of NuVia, Inc. (NUVIA), which transaction closed in March 2021. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, we are obligated to issue shares of our common stock to three specific founders of NUVIA and certain affiliated entities of such founders from time to time upon the satisfaction of certain conditions specified in the Merger Agreement. During the quarter ended December 26, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 104,985 additional shares of our common stock to the three founders of NUVIA and their affiliates, each of whom had advised us that he or such entity was an accredited investor. These shares were issued in transactions not involving a public offering pursuant to the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES Not applicable. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable. 49 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 50 (1) We shall furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the Commission upon request. (2) Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 51 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 52